1872, with a steampunk twist. Phileas Fogg has wagered he can circumnavigate the world in just eighty days. * TIME's #1 Game of the Year 2014* "Weve been dreaming about this future for decades. Guess what? Its here." - New York Times* "Interactive storytelling as its best" - The GuardianChoose your own route around a 3D globe, travelling by airship, submarine, mechanical camel, steam-train and more, racing other players and a clock that never stops. Featuring a brand new journey - to the North Pole!* "This brilliant interactive novel re-imagines Phileas Fogg's journey around the world... One of the finest examples of branching narrative yet created." - The Telegraph* "For people who love high adventures and good writing, 80 Days is a voyage that must be taken" - The Verge* "A brilliantly paced, memorable and quite frankly terrific piece of modern interactive fiction, that masterfully blends strategy, resource management and adventure" - IndieGames.com150 cities to explore. Detailed research and techno-fantasy combine in an 1872 of tensions, inventions and exploration. Climb the Burmese mountains, trek the Zulu Federation, sail up the Amazon and disappear under the Indian Ocean - but don't fall behind the time! * "This is modern storytelling that engages and delights, and the bold, stylish artwork gives 80 Days almost a graphic novel feel. Pack your case, armchair Passepartout - adventure awaits!" - Joystiq* "Is it a game? Is it a story? Both, really. And a delight." - The Telegraph - Best Novels of 2014* "Could be the best interactive fiction game out there" - 148 Apps* "A sublime video game to immerse yourself in" - The Examiner* "One of the most extraordinarily memorable and unique games Ive played in years" - Pocket Tactics * "Everything about this game is perfect" - AppAdvice* "Innovative and extraordinary, and unpredictable fun" - Apps Zoom* "Rich with ideas, brilliantly written, and creates a world that you'll want to visit over and over again" - PocketGamer (gold award)Featuring stunning art by Jaume Illustration, a half-million word script by Meg Jayanth, original music by Laurence Chapman, and built using the same inklewriter engine that powers our critically-acclaimed Sorcery! series, 80 DAYS is an interactive adventure created by your choices, on the fly, and is different every time you play.Playing as Phileas Fogg's loyal valet, Passepartout, you must balance your master's health, your finances, and the time, as you choose your own path from city to city all the way around the world. Bribe your way onto early departures, but don't let yourself go bankrupt or you'll be sleeping rough and begging for aid! Trade items for profit, and collect the equipment for the conditions you'll face: but too much luggage will slow you down...80 DAYS is a breakneck race, with an in-game clock that never stops running. Trains, steamers, hot-air balloons, boats, camels, horses and more leave and arrive minute by minute. Every city and journey is narrated via an interactive story where you control every action. Will your choices speed you up - or lead you into disaster? Will you earn Fogg's trust and respect? Will you uncover the secrets and short-cuts that can shave days off your time? Murder, romance, rebellion and intrigue await! The app is network-connected, with a live feed that shows you the position of all the other players of the game, their routes, triumphs and disasters. You can race to be the fastest - or look ahead to learn the secrets of the world.Share your own journey with friends, and load other's routes directly into your app so you can race head-to-head. * TIME's #1 Game of the Year 2014* "Weve been dreaming about this future for decades. Guess what? Its here." - New York Times* "Interactive storytelling as its best" - The GuardianChoose your own route around a 3D globe, travelling by airship, submarine, mechanical camel, steam-train and more, racing other players and a clock that never stops. Featuring a brand new journey - to the North Pole!* "This brilliant interactive novel re-imagines Phileas Fogg's journey around the world... One of the finest examples of branching narrative yet created." - The Telegraph* "For people who love high adventures and good writing, 80 Days is a voyage that must be taken" - The Verge* "A brilliantly paced, memorable and quite frankly terrific piece of modern interactive fiction, that masterfully blends strategy, resource management and adventure" - IndieGames.com150 cities to explore. Detailed research and techno-fantasy combine in an 1872 of tensions, inventions and exploration. Climb the Burmese mountains, trek the Zulu Federation, sail up the Amazon and disappear under the Indian Ocean - but don't fall behind the time! * "This is modern storytelling that engages and delights, and the bold, stylish artwork gives 80 Days almost a graphic novel feel. Pack your case, armchair Passepartout - adventure awaits!" - Joystiq* "Is it a game? Is it a story? Both, really. And a delight." - The Telegraph - Best Novels of 2014* "Could be the best interactive fiction game out there" - 148 Apps* "A sublime video game to immerse yourself in" - The Examiner* "One of the most extraordinarily memorable and unique games Ive played in years" - Pocket Tactics * "Everything about this game is perfect" - AppAdvice* "Innovative and extraordinary, and unpredictable fun" - Apps Zoom* "Rich with ideas, brilliantly written, and creates a world that you'll want to visit over and over again" - PocketGamer (gold award)Featuring stunning art by Jaume Illustration, a half-million word script by Meg Jayanth, original music by Laurence Chapman, and built using the same inklewriter engine that powers our critically-acclaimed Sorcery! series, 80 DAYS is an interactive adventure created by your choices, on the fly, and is different every time you play.Playing as Phileas Fogg's loyal valet, Passepartout, you must balance your master's health, your finances, and the time, as you choose your own path from city to city all the way around the world. Bribe your way onto early departures, but don't let yourself go bankrupt or you'll be sleeping rough and begging for aid! Trade items for profit, and collect the equipment for the conditions you'll face: but too much luggage will slow you down...80 DAYS is a breakneck race, with an in-game clock that never stops running. Trains, steamers, hot-air balloons, boats, camels, horses and more leave and arrive minute by minute. Every city and journey is narrated via an interactive story where you control every action. Will your choices speed you up - or lead you into disaster? Will you earn Fogg's trust and respect? Will you uncover the secrets and short-cuts that can shave days off your time? Murder, romance, rebellion and intrigue await! The app is network-connected, with a live feed that shows you the position of all the other players of the game, their routes, triumphs and disasters. You can race to be the fastest - or look ahead to learn the secrets of the world.Share your own journey with friends, and load other's routes directly into your app so you can race head-to-head. Choose your own route around a 3D globe, travelling by airship, submarine, mechanical camel, steam-train and more, racing other players and a clock that never stops. Featuring a brand new journey - to the North Pole!* "This brilliant interactive novel re-imagines Phileas Fogg's journey around the world... One of the finest examples of branching narrative yet created." - The Telegraph* "For people who love high adventures and good writing, 80 Days is a voyage that must be taken" - The Verge* "A brilliantly paced, memorable and quite frankly terrific piece of modern interactive fiction, that masterfully blends strategy, resource management and adventure" - IndieGames.com150 cities to explore. Detailed research and techno-fantasy combine in an 1872 of tensions, inventions and exploration. Climb the Burmese mountains, trek the Zulu Federation, sail up the Amazon and disappear under the Indian Ocean - but don't fall behind the time! * "This is modern storytelling that engages and delights, and the bold, stylish artwork gives 80 Days almost a graphic novel feel. Pack your case, armchair Passepartout - adventure awaits!" - Joystiq* "Is it a game? Is it a story? Both, really. And a delight." - The Telegraph - Best Novels of 2014* "Could be the best interactive fiction game out there" - 148 Apps* "A sublime video game to immerse yourself in" - The Examiner* "One of the most extraordinarily memorable and unique games Ive played in years" - Pocket Tactics * "Everything about this game is perfect" - AppAdvice* "Innovative and extraordinary, and unpredictable fun" - Apps Zoom* "Rich with ideas, brilliantly written, and creates a world that you'll want to visit over and over again" - PocketGamer (gold award)Featuring stunning art by Jaume Illustration, a half-million word script by Meg Jayanth, original music by Laurence Chapman, and built using the same inklewriter engine that powers our critically-acclaimed Sorcery! series, 80 DAYS is an interactive adventure created by your choices, on the fly, and is different every time you play.Playing as Phileas Fogg's loyal valet, Passepartout, you must balance your master's health, your finances, and the time, as you choose your own path from city to city all the way around the world. Bribe your way onto early departures, but don't let yourself go bankrupt or you'll be sleeping rough and begging for aid! Trade items for profit, and collect the equipment for the conditions you'll face: but too much luggage will slow you down...80 DAYS is a breakneck race, with an in-game clock that never stops running. Trains, steamers, hot-air balloons, boats, camels, horses and more leave and arrive minute by minute. Every city and journey is narrated via an interactive story where you control every action. Will your choices speed you up - or lead you into disaster? Will you earn Fogg's trust and respect? Will you uncover the secrets and short-cuts that can shave days off your time? Murder, romance, rebellion and intrigue await! The app is network-connected, with a live feed that shows you the position of all the other players of the game, their routes, triumphs and disasters. You can race to be the fastest - or look ahead to learn the secrets of the world.Share your own journey with friends, and load other's routes directly into your app so you can race head-to-head. Featuring a brand new journey - to the North Pole!* "This brilliant interactive novel re-imagines Phileas Fogg's journey around the world... One of the finest examples of branching narrative yet created." - The Telegraph* "For people who love high adventures and good writing, 80 Days is a voyage that must be taken" - The Verge* "A brilliantly paced, memorable and quite frankly terrific piece of modern interactive fiction, that masterfully blends strategy, resource management and adventure" - IndieGames.com150 cities to explore. Detailed research and techno-fantasy combine in an 1872 of tensions, inventions and exploration. Climb the Burmese mountains, trek the Zulu Federation, sail up the Amazon and disappear under the Indian Ocean - but don't fall behind the time! * "This is modern storytelling that engages and delights, and the bold, stylish artwork gives 80 Days almost a graphic novel feel. Pack your case, armchair Passepartout - adventure awaits!" - Joystiq* "Is it a game? Is it a story? Both, really. And a delight." - The Telegraph - Best Novels of 2014* "Could be the best interactive fiction game out there" - 148 Apps* "A sublime video game to immerse yourself in" - The Examiner* "One of the most extraordinarily memorable and unique games Ive played in years" - Pocket Tactics * "Everything about this game is perfect" - AppAdvice* "Innovative and extraordinary, and unpredictable fun" - Apps Zoom* "Rich with ideas, brilliantly written, and creates a world that you'll want to visit over and over again" - PocketGamer (gold award)Featuring stunning art by Jaume Illustration, a half-million word script by Meg Jayanth, original music by Laurence Chapman, and built using the same inklewriter engine that powers our critically-acclaimed Sorcery! series, 80 DAYS is an interactive adventure created by your choices, on the fly, and is different every time you play.Playing as Phileas Fogg's loyal valet, Passepartout, you must balance your master's health, your finances, and the time, as you choose your own path from city to city all the way around the world. Bribe your way onto early departures, but don't let yourself go bankrupt or you'll be sleeping rough and begging for aid! Trade items for profit, and collect the equipment for the conditions you'll face: but too much luggage will slow you down...80 DAYS is a breakneck race, with an in-game clock that never stops running. Trains, steamers, hot-air balloons, boats, camels, horses and more leave and arrive minute by minute. Every city and journey is narrated via an interactive story where you control every action. Will your choices speed you up - or lead you into disaster? Will you earn Fogg's trust and respect? Will you uncover the secrets and short-cuts that can shave days off your time? Murder, romance, rebellion and intrigue await! The app is network-connected, with a live feed that shows you the position of all the other players of the game, their routes, triumphs and disasters. You can race to be the fastest - or look ahead to learn the secrets of the world.Share your own journey with friends, and load other's routes directly into your app so you can race head-to-head. * "This brilliant interactive novel re-imagines Phileas Fogg's journey around the world... One of the finest examples of branching narrative yet created." - The Telegraph* "For people who love high adventures and good writing, 80 Days is a voyage that must be taken" - The Verge* "A brilliantly paced, memorable and quite frankly terrific piece of modern interactive fiction, that masterfully blends strategy, resource management and adventure" - IndieGames.com150 cities to explore. Detailed research and techno-fantasy combine in an 1872 of tensions, inventions and exploration. Climb the Burmese mountains, trek the Zulu Federation, sail up the Amazon and disappear under the Indian Ocean - but don't fall behind the time! * "This is modern storytelling that engages and delights, and the bold, stylish artwork gives 80 Days almost a graphic novel feel. Pack your case, armchair Passepartout - adventure awaits!" - Joystiq* "Is it a game? Is it a story? Both, really. And a delight." - The Telegraph - Best Novels of 2014* "Could be the best interactive fiction game out there" - 148 Apps* "A sublime video game to immerse yourself in" - The Examiner* "One of the most extraordinarily memorable and unique games Ive played in years" - Pocket Tactics * "Everything about this game is perfect" - AppAdvice* "Innovative and extraordinary, and unpredictable fun" - Apps Zoom* "Rich with ideas, brilliantly written, and creates a world that you'll want to visit over and over again" - PocketGamer (gold award)Featuring stunning art by Jaume Illustration, a half-million word script by Meg Jayanth, original music by Laurence Chapman, and built using the same inklewriter engine that powers our critically-acclaimed Sorcery! series, 80 DAYS is an interactive adventure created by your choices, on the fly, and is different every time you play.Playing as Phileas Fogg's loyal valet, Passepartout, you must balance your master's health, your finances, and the time, as you choose your own path from city to city all the way around the world. Bribe your way onto early departures, but don't let yourself go bankrupt or you'll be sleeping rough and begging for aid! Trade items for profit, and collect the equipment for the conditions you'll face: but too much luggage will slow you down...80 DAYS is a breakneck race, with an in-game clock that never stops running. Trains, steamers, hot-air balloons, boats, camels, horses and more leave and arrive minute by minute. Every city and journey is narrated via an interactive story where you control every action. Will your choices speed you up - or lead you into disaster? Will you earn Fogg's trust and respect? Will you uncover the secrets and short-cuts that can shave days off your time? Murder, romance, rebellion and intrigue await! The app is network-connected, with a live feed that shows you the position of all the other players of the game, their routes, triumphs and disasters. You can race to be the fastest - or look ahead to learn the secrets of the world.Share your own journey with friends, and load other's routes directly into your app so you can race head-to-head. * "For people who love high adventures and good writing, 80 Days is a voyage that must be taken" - The Verge* "A brilliantly paced, memorable and quite frankly terrific piece of modern interactive fiction, that masterfully blends strategy, resource management and adventure" - IndieGames.com150 cities to explore. Detailed research and techno-fantasy combine in an 1872 of tensions, inventions and exploration. Climb the Burmese mountains, trek the Zulu Federation, sail up the Amazon and disappear under the Indian Ocean - but don't fall behind the time! * "This is modern storytelling that engages and delights, and the bold, stylish artwork gives 80 Days almost a graphic novel feel. Pack your case, armchair Passepartout - adventure awaits!" - Joystiq* "Is it a game? Is it a story? Both, really. And a delight." - The Telegraph - Best Novels of 2014* "Could be the best interactive fiction game out there" - 148 Apps* "A sublime video game to immerse yourself in" - The Examiner* "One of the most extraordinarily memorable and unique games Ive played in years" - Pocket Tactics * "Everything about this game is perfect" - AppAdvice* "Innovative and extraordinary, and unpredictable fun" - Apps Zoom* "Rich with ideas, brilliantly written, and creates a world that you'll want to visit over and over again" - PocketGamer (gold award)Featuring stunning art by Jaume Illustration, a half-million word script by Meg Jayanth, original music by Laurence Chapman, and built using the same inklewriter engine that powers our critically-acclaimed Sorcery! series, 80 DAYS is an interactive adventure created by your choices, on the fly, and is different every time you play.Playing as Phileas Fogg's loyal valet, Passepartout, you must balance your master's health, your finances, and the time, as you choose your own path from city to city all the way around the world. Bribe your way onto early departures, but don't let yourself go bankrupt or you'll be sleeping rough and begging for aid! Trade items for profit, and collect the equipment for the conditions you'll face: but too much luggage will slow you down...80 DAYS is a breakneck race, with an in-game clock that never stops running. Trains, steamers, hot-air balloons, boats, camels, horses and more leave and arrive minute by minute. Every city and journey is narrated via an interactive story where you control every action. Will your choices speed you up - or lead you into disaster? Will you earn Fogg's trust and respect? Will you uncover the secrets and short-cuts that can shave days off your time? Murder, romance, rebellion and intrigue await! The app is network-connected, with a live feed that shows you the position of all the other players of the game, their routes, triumphs and disasters. You can race to be the fastest - or look ahead to learn the secrets of the world.Share your own journey with friends, and load other's routes directly into your app so you can race head-to-head. * "A brilliantly paced, memorable and quite frankly terrific piece of modern interactive fiction, that masterfully blends strategy, resource management and adventure" - IndieGames.com150 cities to explore. Detailed research and techno-fantasy combine in an 1872 of tensions, inventions and exploration. Climb the Burmese mountains, trek the Zulu Federation, sail up the Amazon and disappear under the Indian Ocean - but don't fall behind the time! * "This is modern storytelling that engages and delights, and the bold, stylish artwork gives 80 Days almost a graphic novel feel. Pack your case, armchair Passepartout - adventure awaits!" - Joystiq* "Is it a game? Is it a story? Both, really. And a delight." - The Telegraph - Best Novels of 2014* "Could be the best interactive fiction game out there" - 148 Apps* "A sublime video game to immerse yourself in" - The Examiner* "One of the most extraordinarily memorable and unique games Ive played in years" - Pocket Tactics * "Everything about this game is perfect" - AppAdvice* "Innovative and extraordinary, and unpredictable fun" - Apps Zoom* "Rich with ideas, brilliantly written, and creates a world that you'll want to visit over and over again" - PocketGamer (gold award)Featuring stunning art by Jaume Illustration, a half-million word script by Meg Jayanth, original music by Laurence Chapman, and built using the same inklewriter engine that powers our critically-acclaimed Sorcery! series, 80 DAYS is an interactive adventure created by your choices, on the fly, and is different every time you play.Playing as Phileas Fogg's loyal valet, Passepartout, you must balance your master's health, your finances, and the time, as you choose your own path from city to city all the way around the world. Bribe your way onto early departures, but don't let yourself go bankrupt or you'll be sleeping rough and begging for aid! Trade items for profit, and collect the equipment for the conditions you'll face: but too much luggage will slow you down...80 DAYS is a breakneck race, with an in-game clock that never stops running. Trains, steamers, hot-air balloons, boats, camels, horses and more leave and arrive minute by minute. Every city and journey is narrated via an interactive story where you control every action. Will your choices speed you up - or lead you into disaster? Will you earn Fogg's trust and respect? Will you uncover the secrets and short-cuts that can shave days off your time? Murder, romance, rebellion and intrigue await! The app is network-connected, with a live feed that shows you the position of all the other players of the game, their routes, triumphs and disasters. You can race to be the fastest - or look ahead to learn the secrets of the world.Share your own journey with friends, and load other's routes directly into your app so you can race head-to-head. 150 cities to explore. Detailed research and techno-fantasy combine in an 1872 of tensions, inventions and exploration. Climb the Burmese mountains, trek the Zulu Federation, sail up the Amazon and disappear under the Indian Ocean - but don't fall behind the time! * "This is modern storytelling that engages and delights, and the bold, stylish artwork gives 80 Days almost a graphic novel feel. Pack your case, armchair Passepartout - adventure awaits!" - Joystiq* "Is it a game? Is it a story? Both, really. And a delight." - The Telegraph - Best Novels of 2014* "Could be the best interactive fiction game out there" - 148 Apps* "A sublime video game to immerse yourself in" - The Examiner* "One of the most extraordinarily memorable and unique games Ive played in years" - Pocket Tactics * "Everything about this game is perfect" - AppAdvice* "Innovative and extraordinary, and unpredictable fun" - Apps Zoom* "Rich with ideas, brilliantly written, and creates a world that you'll want to visit over and over again" - PocketGamer (gold award)Featuring stunning art by Jaume Illustration, a half-million word script by Meg Jayanth, original music by Laurence Chapman, and built using the same inklewriter engine that powers our critically-acclaimed Sorcery! series, 80 DAYS is an interactive adventure created by your choices, on the fly, and is different every time you play.Playing as Phileas Fogg's loyal valet, Passepartout, you must balance your master's health, your finances, and the time, as you choose your own path from city to city all the way around the world. Bribe your way onto early departures, but don't let yourself go bankrupt or you'll be sleeping rough and begging for aid! Trade items for profit, and collect the equipment for the conditions you'll face: but too much luggage will slow you down...80 DAYS is a breakneck race, with an in-game clock that never stops running. Trains, steamers, hot-air balloons, boats, camels, horses and more leave and arrive minute by minute. Every city and journey is narrated via an interactive story where you control every action. Will your choices speed you up - or lead you into disaster? Will you earn Fogg's trust and respect? Will you uncover the secrets and short-cuts that can shave days off your time? Murder, romance, rebellion and intrigue await! The app is network-connected, with a live feed that shows you the position of all the other players of the game, their routes, triumphs and disasters. You can race to be the fastest - or look ahead to learn the secrets of the world.Share your own journey with friends, and load other's routes directly into your app so you can race head-to-head. * "This is modern storytelling that engages and delights, and the bold, stylish artwork gives 80 Days almost a graphic novel feel. Pack your case, armchair Passepartout - adventure awaits!" - Joystiq* "Is it a game? Is it a story? Both, really. And a delight." - The Telegraph - Best Novels of 2014* "Could be the best interactive fiction game out there" - 148 Apps* "A sublime video game to immerse yourself in" - The Examiner* "One of the most extraordinarily memorable and unique games Ive played in years" - Pocket Tactics * "Everything about this game is perfect" - AppAdvice* "Innovative and extraordinary, and unpredictable fun" - Apps Zoom* "Rich with ideas, brilliantly written, and creates a world that you'll want to visit over and over again" - PocketGamer (gold award)Featuring stunning art by Jaume Illustration, a half-million word script by Meg Jayanth, original music by Laurence Chapman, and built using the same inklewriter engine that powers our critically-acclaimed Sorcery! series, 80 DAYS is an interactive adventure created by your choices, on the fly, and is different every time you play.Playing as Phileas Fogg's loyal valet, Passepartout, you must balance your master's health, your finances, and the time, as you choose your own path from city to city all the way around the world. Bribe your way onto early departures, but don't let yourself go bankrupt or you'll be sleeping rough and begging for aid! Trade items for profit, and collect the equipment for the conditions you'll face: but too much luggage will slow you down...80 DAYS is a breakneck race, with an in-game clock that never stops running. Trains, steamers, hot-air balloons, boats, camels, horses and more leave and arrive minute by minute. Every city and journey is narrated via an interactive story where you control every action. Will your choices speed you up - or lead you into disaster? Will you earn Fogg's trust and respect? Will you uncover the secrets and short-cuts that can shave days off your time? Murder, romance, rebellion and intrigue await! The app is network-connected, with a live feed that shows you the position of all the other players of the game, their routes, triumphs and disasters. You can race to be the fastest - or look ahead to learn the secrets of the world.Share your own journey with friends, and load other's routes directly into your app so you can race head-to-head. * "Is it a game? Is it a story? Both, really. And a delight." - The Telegraph - Best Novels of 2014* "Could be the best interactive fiction game out there" - 148 Apps* "A sublime video game to immerse yourself in" - The Examiner* "One of the most extraordinarily memorable and unique games Ive played in years" - Pocket Tactics * "Everything about this game is perfect" - AppAdvice* "Innovative and extraordinary, and unpredictable fun" - Apps Zoom* "Rich with ideas, brilliantly written, and creates a world that you'll want to visit over and over again" - PocketGamer (gold award)Featuring stunning art by Jaume Illustration, a half-million word script by Meg Jayanth, original music by Laurence Chapman, and built using the same inklewriter engine that powers our critically-acclaimed Sorcery! series, 80 DAYS is an interactive adventure created by your choices, on the fly, and is different every time you play.Playing as Phileas Fogg's loyal valet, Passepartout, you must balance your master's health, your finances, and the time, as you choose your own path from city to city all the way around the world. Bribe your way onto early departures, but don't let yourself go bankrupt or you'll be sleeping rough and begging for aid! Trade items for profit, and collect the equipment for the conditions you'll face: but too much luggage will slow you down...80 DAYS is a breakneck race, with an in-game clock that never stops running. Trains, steamers, hot-air balloons, boats, camels, horses and more leave and arrive minute by minute. Every city and journey is narrated via an interactive story where you control every action. Will your choices speed you up - or lead you into disaster? Will you earn Fogg's trust and respect? Will you uncover the secrets and short-cuts that can shave days off your time? Murder, romance, rebellion and intrigue await! The app is network-connected, with a live feed that shows you the position of all the other players of the game, their routes, triumphs and disasters. You can race to be the fastest - or look ahead to learn the secrets of the world.Share your own journey with friends, and load other's routes directly into your app so you can race head-to-head. * "Could be the best interactive fiction game out there" - 148 Apps* "A sublime video game to immerse yourself in" - The Examiner* "One of the most extraordinarily memorable and unique games Ive played in years" - Pocket Tactics * "Everything about this game is perfect" - AppAdvice* "Innovative and extraordinary, and unpredictable fun" - Apps Zoom* "Rich with ideas, brilliantly written, and creates a world that you'll want to visit over and over again" - PocketGamer (gold award)Featuring stunning art by Jaume Illustration, a half-million word script by Meg Jayanth, original music by Laurence Chapman, and built using the same inklewriter engine that powers our critically-acclaimed Sorcery! series, 80 DAYS is an interactive adventure created by your choices, on the fly, and is different every time you play.Playing as Phileas Fogg's loyal valet, Passepartout, you must balance your master's health, your finances, and the time, as you choose your own path from city to city all the way around the world. Bribe your way onto early departures, but don't let yourself go bankrupt or you'll be sleeping rough and begging for aid! Trade items for profit, and collect the equipment for the conditions you'll face: but too much luggage will slow you down...80 DAYS is a breakneck race, with an in-game clock that never stops running. Trains, steamers, hot-air balloons, boats, camels, horses and more leave and arrive minute by minute. Every city and journey is narrated via an interactive story where you control every action. Will your choices speed you up - or lead you into disaster? Will you earn Fogg's trust and respect? Will you uncover the secrets and short-cuts that can shave days off your time? Murder, romance, rebellion and intrigue await! The app is network-connected, with a live feed that shows you the position of all the other players of the game, their routes, triumphs and disasters. You can race to be the fastest - or look ahead to learn the secrets of the world.Share your own journey with friends, and load other's routes directly into your app so you can race head-to-head. * "A sublime video game to immerse yourself in" - The Examiner* "One of the most extraordinarily memorable and unique games Ive played in years" - Pocket Tactics * "Everything about this game is perfect" - AppAdvice* "Innovative and extraordinary, and unpredictable fun" - Apps Zoom* "Rich with ideas, brilliantly written, and creates a world that you'll want to visit over and over again" - PocketGamer (gold award)Featuring stunning art by Jaume Illustration, a half-million word script by Meg Jayanth, original music by Laurence Chapman, and built using the same inklewriter engine that powers our critically-acclaimed Sorcery! series, 80 DAYS is an interactive adventure created by your choices, on the fly, and is different every time you play.Playing as Phileas Fogg's loyal valet, P
Get ready for a Lewis Carroll inspired hidden object game that takes you to a mystical Victorian-era London known as Albion, fraught with intrigue, crime, and danger. Just like Alice in her quest of Wonderland, youll have to solve challenging puzzles and encounter unexplained mysteries. Experience the game's unique story by tackling countless quests in your mission to foil the evil schemes of the Queen of Hearts. Download Alice in the Mirrors of Albion and begin your adventure in this truly extraordinary magical world right now!***KEY FEATURES***  UNCOVER HIDDEN OBJECTSTrack down all sorts of items in several exciting game modes and explore tons of places, from the dangerous outskirts of Albion to elegant Victorian-era studies and cozy confectioneries. MEET INTRIGUING CHARACTERSGet carried away by the magical world behind the mirror, full of heroes youve known since childhood as well as unique new characters, all of whom have something to hide. REVEAL INTRIGUES AND FIGHT CRIMEEngage in exciting battles with Albion crime lords and prove that you are the one who can bring order the city and learn all its secrets. IMMERSE YOURSELF IN THE MYSTERIOUS DETECTIVE STORYGo on a quest through Foggy Albion, a city full of thieves, puzzles, and wonder. Discover things no one else has seen! EXPLORE NEW PLACES EVERY DAYEarn experience points to gain access to incredible new places and buildings! If youre hungry for more, you can always purchase keys to new locations and other items within the game for real money. THIS GAME WORKS IN OFFLINE MODE WITHOUT INTERNET  enjoy it on a plane, on the subway, on the road!**CRITICS LOVE IT** The latest release from Game Insight takes the best parts of social gaming and combines it with addictive hidden object gameplay, to create a captivating adventure that is easy to pick up and hard to put down. (http://www.gamezebo.com/) The older I get the more I appreciate beautiful hidden object games, and Mirrors of Albion is one of the most entertaining I've played. (http://kotaku.com/) With the amount of content this game is offering, its hard not to recommend it, especially with a whopping price of Free. So go ahead and jump down the rabbit hole, dear reader, because you have nothing to lose. (http://arcadesushi.com/) Discover new titles from Game Insight:http://www.game-insight.comJoin our community on Facebook: http://www.fb.com/gameinsightSubscribe to our YouTube channel:http://goo.gl/qRFX2hRead the latest news on Twitter:http://twitter.com/GI_MobileFollow us on Instagram:http://instagram.com/gameinsight/Official Page on Facebook:: https://www.facebook.com/MirrorsOfAlbionOfficial Game Trailer:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNbhetka4ZoPrivacy Policy:  http://www.game-insight.com/en/site/privacypolicy ***KEY FEATURES***  UNCOVER HIDDEN OBJECTSTrack down all sorts of items in several exciting game modes and explore tons of places, from the dangerous outskirts of Albion to elegant Victorian-era studies and cozy confectioneries. MEET INTRIGUING CHARACTERSGet carried away by the magical world behind the mirror, full of heroes youve known since childhood as well as unique new characters, all of whom have something to hide. REVEAL INTRIGUES AND FIGHT CRIMEEngage in exciting battles with Albion crime lords and prove that you are the one who can bring order the city and learn all its secrets. IMMERSE YOURSELF IN THE MYSTERIOUS DETECTIVE STORYGo on a quest through Foggy Albion, a city full of thieves, puzzles, and wonder. Discover things no one else has seen! EXPLORE NEW PLACES EVERY DAYEarn experience points to gain access to incredible new places and buildings! If youre hungry for more, you can always purchase keys to new locations and other items within the game for real money. THIS GAME WORKS IN OFFLINE MODE WITHOUT INTERNET  enjoy it on a plane, on the subway, on the road!**CRITICS LOVE IT** The latest release from Game Insight takes the best parts of social gaming and combines it with addictive hidden object gameplay, to create a captivating adventure that is easy to pick up and hard to put down. (http://www.gamezebo.com/) The older I get the more I appreciate beautiful hidden object games, and Mirrors of Albion is one of the most entertaining I've played. (http://kotaku.com/) With the amount of content this game is offering, its hard not to recommend it, especially with a whopping price of Free. So go ahead and jump down the rabbit hole, dear reader, because you have nothing to lose. (http://arcadesushi.com/) Discover new titles from Game Insight:http://www.game-insight.comJoin our community on Facebook: http://www.fb.com/gameinsightSubscribe to our YouTube channel:http://goo.gl/qRFX2hRead the latest news on Twitter:http://twitter.com/GI_MobileFollow us on Instagram:http://instagram.com/gameinsight/Official Page on Facebook:: https://www.facebook.com/MirrorsOfAlbionOfficial Game Trailer:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNbhetka4ZoPrivacy Policy:  http://www.game-insight.com/en/site/privacypolicy **CRITICS LOVE IT** The latest release from Game Insight takes the best parts of social gaming and combines it with addictive hidden object gameplay, to create a captivating adventure that is easy to pick up and hard to put down. (http://www.gamezebo.com/) The older I get the more I appreciate beautiful hidden object games, and Mirrors of Albion is one of the most entertaining I've played. (http://kotaku.com/) With the amount of content this game is offering, its hard not to recommend it, especially with a whopping price of Free. So go ahead and jump down the rabbit hole, dear reader, because you have nothing to lose. (http://arcadesushi.com/) Discover new titles from Game Insight:http://www.game-insight.comJoin our community on Facebook: http://www.fb.com/gameinsightSubscribe to our YouTube channel:http://goo.gl/qRFX2hRead the latest news on Twitter:http://twitter.com/GI_MobileFollow us on Instagram:http://instagram.com/gameinsight/Official Page on Facebook:: https://www.facebook.com/MirrorsOfAlbionOfficial Game Trailer:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNbhetka4ZoPrivacy Policy:  http://www.game-insight.com/en/site/privacypolicy The latest release from Game Insight takes the best parts of social gaming and combines it with addictive hidden object gameplay, to create a captivating adventure that is easy to pick up and hard to put down. (http://www.gamezebo.com/) The older I get the more I appreciate beautiful hidden object games, and Mirrors of Albion is one of the most entertaining I've played. (http://kotaku.com/) With the amount of content this game is offering, its hard not to recommend it, especially with a whopping price of Free. So go ahead and jump down the rabbit hole, dear reader, because you have nothing to lose. (http://arcadesushi.com/) Discover new titles from Game Insight:http://www.game-insight.comJoin our community on Facebook: http://www.fb.com/gameinsightSubscribe to our YouTube channel:http://goo.gl/qRFX2hRead the latest news on Twitter:http://twitter.com/GI_MobileFollow us on Instagram:http://instagram.com/gameinsight/Official Page on Facebook:: https://www.facebook.com/MirrorsOfAlbionOfficial Game Trailer:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNbhetka4ZoPrivacy Policy:  http://www.game-insight.com/en/site/privacypolicy The older I get the more I appreciate beautiful hidden object games, and Mirrors of Albion is one of the most entertaining I've played. (http://kotaku.com/) With the amount of content this game is offering, its hard not to recommend it, especially with a whopping price of Free. So go ahead and jump down the rabbit hole, dear reader, because you have nothing to lose. (http://arcadesushi.com/) Discover new titles from Game Insight:http://www.game-insight.comJoin our community on Facebook: http://www.fb.com/gameinsightSubscribe to our YouTube channel:http://goo.gl/qRFX2hRead the latest news on Twitter:http://twitter.com/GI_MobileFollow us on Instagram:http://instagram.com/gameinsight/Official Page on Facebook:: https://www.facebook.com/MirrorsOfAlbionOfficial Game Trailer:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNbhetka4ZoPrivacy Policy:  http://www.game-insight.com/en/site/privacypolicy With the amount of content this game is offering, its hard not to recommend it, especially with a whopping price of Free. So go ahead and jump down the rabbit hole, dear reader, because you have nothing to lose. (http://arcadesushi.com/) Discover new titles from Game Insight:http://www.game-insight.comJoin our community on Facebook: http://www.fb.com/gameinsightSubscribe to our YouTube channel:http://goo.gl/qRFX2hRead the latest news on Twitter:http://twitter.com/GI_MobileFollow us on Instagram:http://instagram.com/gameinsight/Official Page on Facebook:: https://www.facebook.com/MirrorsOfAlbionOfficial Game Trailer:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNbhetka4ZoPrivacy Policy:  http://www.game-insight.com/en/site/privacypolicy Discover new titles from Game Insight:http://www.game-insight.comJoin our community on Facebook: http://www.fb.com/gameinsightSubscribe to our YouTube channel:http://goo.gl/qRFX2hRead the latest news on Twitter:http://twitter.com/GI_MobileFollow us on Instagram:http://instagram.com/gameinsight/Official Page on Facebook:: https://www.facebook.com/MirrorsOfAlbionOfficial Game Trailer:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNbhetka4ZoPrivacy Policy:  http://www.game-insight.com/en/site/privacypolicy Discover new titles from Game Insight:http://www.game-insight.comJoin our community on Facebook: http://www.fb.com/gameinsightSubscribe to our YouTube channel:http://goo.gl/qRFX2hRead the latest news on Twitter:http://twitter.com/GI_MobileFollow us on Instagram:http://instagram.com/gameinsight/Official Page on Facebook:: https://www.facebook.com/MirrorsOfAlbionOfficial Game Trailer:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNbhetka4ZoPrivacy Policy:  http://www.game-insight.com/en/site/privacypolicy
What if you could live your life over again? In this text-based interactive fiction, you choose what happens next. It's in the style of pick-a-path gamebooks, but with over a thousand multiple-choice questions, it's much longer and deeper than traditional gamebooks. Alter Ego starts at birth and ends at death, including two substantially different versions, depending on whether you choose to be male or female. Will you grow up to be confident and happy? Will you fight with bullies, or befriend them? Will you find a date to the senior prom? Will you marry and have kids, or start your own business and become a millionaire? The choice is yours. This game will change your life. In this text-based interactive fiction, you choose what happens next. It's in the style of pick-a-path gamebooks, but with over a thousand multiple-choice questions, it's much longer and deeper than traditional gamebooks. Alter Ego starts at birth and ends at death, including two substantially different versions, depending on whether you choose to be male or female. Will you grow up to be confident and happy? Will you fight with bullies, or befriend them? Will you find a date to the senior prom? Will you marry and have kids, or start your own business and become a millionaire? The choice is yours. This game will change your life. Will you grow up to be confident and happy? Will you fight with bullies, or befriend them? Will you find a date to the senior prom? Will you marry and have kids, or start your own business and become a millionaire? The choice is yours. This game will change your life. This game will change your life.
The Free Poker App that you will love. Millions of players cant be wrong!The Appeak Texas Holdem Free Poker app is the fastest, most fun and most challenging free Texas Holdem poker app out there  and you can begin playing in seconds, not hours.Appeak Texas Holdem is one of the few Holdem free poker apps that gives you the real feel of Texas Hold'em as it's played in poker rooms around the world  not some video poker knock-off.This is free poker at its best with non-stop fast-paced Holdem action. Just press the Play Now button and you'll be instantly betting and raising in a play-money poker game almost as good as live poker.You'll be folding mediocre poker hands and crunching poker odds like a pro in no time after a little practice in the Appeak app. The app offers great help features for beginners like a four-color deck (makes it easy to see what your hand is) and holdem rules section.Stakes are categorized into tiny, small, medium and big and you automatically earn up to 7,000 free chips in daily bonuses.1 Million+ Downloads! 100,000 Active Players! Up to 7,000 Daily Chips!Just a few of the perks of the Appeak Texas free poker app: Over 100,000 active players and over 1,000,0000 downloads Up to 7,000 free chips added to your account daily In-game challenges to grow your chip stack quickly New games starting up instantaneously, anytime you log in Both cash games (which you can leave at any time) and Sit & Go tournaments for players of all skill levels An exclusive leaderboard for bragging rights over friends and opponents. Over 40 unique avatars to choose from MANY MORE!No matter if you are just trying to learn Texas Holdem poker or you are already a pro player, there`s no better free poker app for youDon't be fooled by imitation video poker apps  this is real Holdem poker! The Appeak Texas Holdem Free Poker app is the fastest, most fun and most challenging free Texas Holdem poker app out there  and you can begin playing in seconds, not hours.Appeak Texas Holdem is one of the few Holdem free poker apps that gives you the real feel of Texas Hold'em as it's played in poker rooms around the world  not some video poker knock-off.This is free poker at its best with non-stop fast-paced Holdem action. Just press the Play Now button and you'll be instantly betting and raising in a play-money poker game almost as good as live poker.You'll be folding mediocre poker hands and crunching poker odds like a pro in no time after a little practice in the Appeak app. The app offers great help features for beginners like a four-color deck (makes it easy to see what your hand is) and holdem rules section.Stakes are categorized into tiny, small, medium and big and you automatically earn up to 7,000 free chips in daily bonuses.1 Million+ Downloads! 100,000 Active Players! Up to 7,000 Daily Chips!Just a few of the perks of the Appeak Texas free poker app: Over 100,000 active players and over 1,000,0000 downloads Up to 7,000 free chips added to your account daily In-game challenges to grow your chip stack quickly New games starting up instantaneously, anytime you log in Both cash games (which you can leave at any time) and Sit & Go tournaments for players of all skill levels An exclusive leaderboard for bragging rights over friends and opponents. Over 40 unique avatars to choose from MANY MORE!No matter if you are just trying to learn Texas Holdem poker or you are already a pro player, there`s no better free poker app for youDon't be fooled by imitation video poker apps  this is real Holdem poker! Appeak Texas Holdem is one of the few Holdem free poker apps that gives you the real feel of Texas Hold'em as it's played in poker rooms around the world  not some video poker knock-off.This is free poker at its best with non-stop fast-paced Holdem action. Just press the Play Now button and you'll be instantly betting and raising in a play-money poker game almost as good as live poker.You'll be folding mediocre poker hands and crunching poker odds like a pro in no time after a little practice in the Appeak app. The app offers great help features for beginners like a four-color deck (makes it easy to see what your hand is) and holdem rules section.Stakes are categorized into tiny, small, medium and big and you automatically earn up to 7,000 free chips in daily bonuses.1 Million+ Downloads! 100,000 Active Players! Up to 7,000 Daily Chips!Just a few of the perks of the Appeak Texas free poker app: Over 100,000 active players and over 1,000,0000 downloads Up to 7,000 free chips added to your account daily In-game challenges to grow your chip stack quickly New games starting up instantaneously, anytime you log in Both cash games (which you can leave at any time) and Sit & Go tournaments for players of all skill levels An exclusive leaderboard for bragging rights over friends and opponents. Over 40 unique avatars to choose from MANY MORE!No matter if you are just trying to learn Texas Holdem poker or you are already a pro player, there`s no better free poker app for youDon't be fooled by imitation video poker apps  this is real Holdem poker! This is free poker at its best with non-stop fast-paced Holdem action. Just press the Play Now button and you'll be instantly betting and raising in a play-money poker game almost as good as live poker.You'll be folding mediocre poker hands and crunching poker odds like a pro in no time after a little practice in the Appeak app. The app offers great help features for beginners like a four-color deck (makes it easy to see what your hand is) and holdem rules section.Stakes are categorized into tiny, small, medium and big and you automatically earn up to 7,000 free chips in daily bonuses.1 Million+ Downloads! 100,000 Active Players! Up to 7,000 Daily Chips!Just a few of the perks of the Appeak Texas free poker app: Over 100,000 active players and over 1,000,0000 downloads Up to 7,000 free chips added to your account daily In-game challenges to grow your chip stack quickly New games starting up instantaneously, anytime you log in Both cash games (which you can leave at any time) and Sit & Go tournaments for players of all skill levels An exclusive leaderboard for bragging rights over friends and opponents. Over 40 unique avatars to choose from MANY MORE!No matter if you are just trying to learn Texas Holdem poker or you are already a pro player, there`s no better free poker app for youDon't be fooled by imitation video poker apps  this is real Holdem poker! You'll be folding mediocre poker hands and crunching poker odds like a pro in no time after a little practice in the Appeak app. The app offers great help features for beginners like a four-color deck (makes it easy to see what your hand is) and holdem rules section.Stakes are categorized into tiny, small, medium and big and you automatically earn up to 7,000 free chips in daily bonuses.1 Million+ Downloads! 100,000 Active Players! Up to 7,000 Daily Chips!Just a few of the perks of the Appeak Texas free poker app: Over 100,000 active players and over 1,000,0000 downloads Up to 7,000 free chips added to your account daily In-game challenges to grow your chip stack quickly New games starting up instantaneously, anytime you log in Both cash games (which you can leave at any time) and Sit & Go tournaments for players of all skill levels An exclusive leaderboard for bragging rights over friends and opponents. Over 40 unique avatars to choose from MANY MORE!No matter if you are just trying to learn Texas Holdem poker or you are already a pro player, there`s no better free poker app for youDon't be fooled by imitation video poker apps  this is real Holdem poker! Stakes are categorized into tiny, small, medium and big and you automatically earn up to 7,000 free chips in daily bonuses.1 Million+ Downloads! 100,000 Active Players! Up to 7,000 Daily Chips!Just a few of the perks of the Appeak Texas free poker app: Over 100,000 active players and over 1,000,0000 downloads Up to 7,000 free chips added to your account daily In-game challenges to grow your chip stack quickly New games starting up instantaneously, anytime you log in Both cash games (which you can leave at any time) and Sit & Go tournaments for players of all skill levels An exclusive leaderboard for bragging rights over friends and opponents. Over 40 unique avatars to choose from MANY MORE!No matter if you are just trying to learn Texas Holdem poker or you are already a pro player, there`s no better free poker app for youDon't be fooled by imitation video poker apps  this is real Holdem poker! 1 Million+ Downloads! 100,000 Active Players! Up to 7,000 Daily Chips!Just a few of the perks of the Appeak Texas free poker app: Over 100,000 active players and over 1,000,0000 downloads Up to 7,000 free chips added to your account daily In-game challenges to grow your chip stack quickly New games starting up instantaneously, anytime you log in Both cash games (which you can leave at any time) and Sit & Go tournaments for players of all skill levels An exclusive leaderboard for bragging rights over friends and opponents. Over 40 unique avatars to choose from MANY MORE!No matter if you are just trying to learn Texas Holdem poker or you are already a pro player, there`s no better free poker app for youDon't be fooled by imitation video poker apps  this is real Holdem poker! Just a few of the perks of the Appeak Texas free poker app: Over 100,000 active players and over 1,000,0000 downloads Up to 7,000 free chips added to your account daily In-game challenges to grow your chip stack quickly New games starting up instantaneously, anytime you log in Both cash games (which you can leave at any time) and Sit & Go tournaments for players of all skill levels An exclusive leaderboard for bragging rights over friends and opponents. Over 40 unique avatars to choose from MANY MORE!No matter if you are just trying to learn Texas Holdem poker or you are already a pro player, there`s no better free poker app for youDon't be fooled by imitation video poker apps  this is real Holdem poker! No matter if you are just trying to learn Texas Holdem poker or you are already a pro player, there`s no better free poker app for youDon't be fooled by imitation video poker apps  this is real Holdem poker! Don't be fooled by imitation video poker apps  this is real Holdem poker!
~NEW~ Player Housing system - get your own little piece of Arlor!~NEW~ Pet Animancy system - combine your pets into a single powerhouse!Arcane Legends is the best fantasy action RPG and MMORPG game on mobile, perfect for both tablets and phones! Adventure through dungeons in this MMO and fight bosses, find loot, join guilds and collect pets. Explore a breathtaking 3D world with friends in this massive award-winning game from Spacetime Studios. Build your character and quest alongside thousands of other players online and synchronously in real time. Your quests will take you and your friends through castles, forests, and dungeons as you fight dragons, orcs, and other evil forces attempting to destroy the kingdom of Arlor.***** "10 best games for Smartphones"  Kotaku***** "A Hack & Slash Home Run"  Forbes ***** "Best of the Best"  MMORPG***** "One of the most impressive games we've seen in a long time"  Pocket Gamer***** "One of the best mobile MMORPG experiences you can find" - Touch Gen***** "As perfect a mobile adventure game as one could ask for" - New Gamer NationEpic events every week means there's always new things to do and new ways to play!+ Three different classes, dozens of skills, and thousands of items to customize your hero. + Collect and grow mystical pets that help you on quests. + Loot thousands of legendary weapons and items.+ Play co-op with other heroes in the PvE campaign+ Get competitive in three PvP modes: capture the flag, deathmatch, and duels! Arcane Legends is the best fantasy action RPG and MMORPG game on mobile, perfect for both tablets and phones! Adventure through dungeons in this MMO and fight bosses, find loot, join guilds and collect pets. Explore a breathtaking 3D world with friends in this massive award-winning game from Spacetime Studios. Build your character and quest alongside thousands of other players online and synchronously in real time. Your quests will take you and your friends through castles, forests, and dungeons as you fight dragons, orcs, and other evil forces attempting to destroy the kingdom of Arlor.***** "10 best games for Smartphones"  Kotaku***** "A Hack & Slash Home Run"  Forbes ***** "Best of the Best"  MMORPG***** "One of the most impressive games we've seen in a long time"  Pocket Gamer***** "One of the best mobile MMORPG experiences you can find" - Touch Gen***** "As perfect a mobile adventure game as one could ask for" - New Gamer NationEpic events every week means there's always new things to do and new ways to play!+ Three different classes, dozens of skills, and thousands of items to customize your hero. + Collect and grow mystical pets that help you on quests. + Loot thousands of legendary weapons and items.+ Play co-op with other heroes in the PvE campaign+ Get competitive in three PvP modes: capture the flag, deathmatch, and duels! ***** "10 best games for Smartphones"  Kotaku***** "A Hack & Slash Home Run"  Forbes ***** "Best of the Best"  MMORPG***** "One of the most impressive games we've seen in a long time"  Pocket Gamer***** "One of the best mobile MMORPG experiences you can find" - Touch Gen***** "As perfect a mobile adventure game as one could ask for" - New Gamer NationEpic events every week means there's always new things to do and new ways to play!+ Three different classes, dozens of skills, and thousands of items to customize your hero. + Collect and grow mystical pets that help you on quests. + Loot thousands of legendary weapons and items.+ Play co-op with other heroes in the PvE campaign+ Get competitive in three PvP modes: capture the flag, deathmatch, and duels! Epic events every week means there's always new things to do and new ways to play!+ Three different classes, dozens of skills, and thousands of items to customize your hero. + Collect and grow mystical pets that help you on quests. + Loot thousands of legendary weapons and items.+ Play co-op with other heroes in the PvE campaign+ Get competitive in three PvP modes: capture the flag, deathmatch, and duels! + Three different classes, dozens of skills, and thousands of items to customize your hero. + Collect and grow mystical pets that help you on quests. + Loot thousands of legendary weapons and items.+ Play co-op with other heroes in the PvE campaign+ Get competitive in three PvP modes: capture the flag, deathmatch, and duels!
***More than 10 million pirates already******More than 200 million heroic naval battles fought***One of the worlds greatest action franchise is available on your mobile device! Become one of the most feared pirates of the Caribbean in this exclusive Assassin's Creed adventure!  Play as Alonzo Batilla, a young and ambitious pirate captain, break the rules, challenge empires and amass gold! ENGAGE IN BRUTAL NAVAL COMBATSFight in real-time naval battles all over the Caribbean Sea.Choose from a wide range of weapons from the pivot cannon to the mortar, to destroy your foes and manoeuver to dodge enemy shots.Show your skills, defeat legendary ships in battle and become a true pirate legend!BUILD UP YOUR CREW AND YOUR SHIPRaise your flag on the most iconic boats of the Golden Age of Piracy; ranging from the smallest ship to the Man OWar floating fortress.Upgrade your vessel with legendary customizations and the massive bounty plundered on the wild seas.Build your naval empire by recruiting the finest crew members and learn more than 50 new pirating techniques, cannon & sail upgrades to become a better captain and master naval battles.EXPLORE THE IMMENSITY OF THE CARIBBEAN... AND MUCH MORE!Sail throughout a vast array of islands as you explore a huge map.Search for nearly one hundred treasures and lost files.Run through dozens of lost Mayan temples, dodge obstacles using epic assassins parkour moves and collect mayans stones. Parkour temples to find the fragments of ancient treasure maps.Hunt sharks, whales and exotic fish to never run out of supplies.Furnish your fish collection with marvelous sea trophies, from small fry to massive sharks.Live the epic pirate life, raise the black flag and loot a merchant ship loaded with gold or set sail on quest to battle a slave ship.Beware of the English empire and the Spanish crown and their powerful master ship, as a pirate you are always on the run.Compete with your friends for the highest bounty.DISCOVER GROUNDBREAKING 3D VISUALS ON MOBILE AND TABLETSBask in the West-Indies sunshine, admire beautiful sea sunsets, navigate ice mazes and sail through the night along breathtaking coastlines.Changing weather conditions directly impact the way you run your ship and redefine every landscape. Beware of storms and of the treacherous fog that will conceal your enemies until the last moment!Master the sea to become the most skillful pirate of the Caribbean Sea and be victorious in battles.EMBARK ON AN EPIC QUEST FOR A LEGENDARY TREASURELive a naval adventure that will reveal the truth about the mysterious lost treasure of the famous French pirate and assassin La Buse.Cross paths with Assassins and Templars and take part in their age-old struggle.Meet the most notorious and colorful pirates of the era, including Sam Bellamy, Ben Hornigold, Charles Vane and Blackbeard!Game available in: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Brazilian Portuguese, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Russian, Turkish and IndonesianStay on top of your game! Get the latest news, deals, and more at....FACEBOOK:http://facebook.com/UbisoftMobileGamesTWITTER:http://twitter.com/ubisoftmobileYOUTUBE:http://youtube.com/user/Ubisoft This game is free to download and free to play but some game items can be purchased for real money. You can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings. One of the worlds greatest action franchise is available on your mobile device! Become one of the most feared pirates of the Caribbean in this exclusive Assassin's Creed adventure!  Play as Alonzo Batilla, a young and ambitious pirate captain, break the rules, challenge empires and amass gold! ENGAGE IN BRUTAL NAVAL COMBATSFight in real-time naval battles all over the Caribbean Sea.Choose from a wide range of weapons from the pivot cannon to the mortar, to destroy your foes and manoeuver to dodge enemy shots.Show your skills, defeat legendary ships in battle and become a true pirate legend!BUILD UP YOUR CREW AND YOUR SHIPRaise your flag on the most iconic boats of the Golden Age of Piracy; ranging from the smallest ship to the Man OWar floating fortress.Upgrade your vessel with legendary customizations and the massive bounty plundered on the wild seas.Build your naval empire by recruiting the finest crew members and learn more than 50 new pirating techniques, cannon & sail upgrades to become a better captain and master naval battles.EXPLORE THE IMMENSITY OF THE CARIBBEAN... AND MUCH MORE!Sail throughout a vast array of islands as you explore a huge map.Search for nearly one hundred treasures and lost files.Run through dozens of lost Mayan temples, dodge obstacles using epic assassins parkour moves and collect mayans stones. Parkour temples to find the fragments of ancient treasure maps.Hunt sharks, whales and exotic fish to never run out of supplies.Furnish your fish collection with marvelous sea trophies, from small fry to massive sharks.Live the epic pirate life, raise the black flag and loot a merchant ship loaded with gold or set sail on quest to battle a slave ship.Beware of the English empire and the Spanish crown and their powerful master ship, as a pirate you are always on the run.Compete with your friends for the highest bounty.DISCOVER GROUNDBREAKING 3D VISUALS ON MOBILE AND TABLETSBask in the West-Indies sunshine, admire beautiful sea sunsets, navigate ice mazes and sail through the night along breathtaking coastlines.Changing weather conditions directly impact the way you run your ship and redefine every landscape. Beware of storms and of the treacherous fog that will conceal your enemies until the last moment!Master the sea to become the most skillful pirate of the Caribbean Sea and be victorious in battles.EMBARK ON AN EPIC QUEST FOR A LEGENDARY TREASURELive a naval adventure that will reveal the truth about the mysterious lost treasure of the famous French pirate and assassin La Buse.Cross paths with Assassins and Templars and take part in their age-old struggle.Meet the most notorious and colorful pirates of the era, including Sam Bellamy, Ben Hornigold, Charles Vane and Blackbeard!Game available in: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Brazilian Portuguese, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Russian, Turkish and IndonesianStay on top of your game! Get the latest news, deals, and more at....FACEBOOK:http://facebook.com/UbisoftMobileGamesTWITTER:http://twitter.com/ubisoftmobileYOUTUBE:http://youtube.com/user/Ubisoft This game is free to download and free to play but some game items can be purchased for real money. You can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings. ENGAGE IN BRUTAL NAVAL COMBATSFight in real-time naval battles all over the Caribbean Sea.Choose from a wide range of weapons from the pivot cannon to the mortar, to destroy your foes and manoeuver to dodge enemy shots.Show your skills, defeat legendary ships in battle and become a true pirate legend!BUILD UP YOUR CREW AND YOUR SHIPRaise your flag on the most iconic boats of the Golden Age of Piracy; ranging from the smallest ship to the Man OWar floating fortress.Upgrade your vessel with legendary customizations and the massive bounty plundered on the wild seas.Build your naval empire by recruiting the finest crew members and learn more than 50 new pirating techniques, cannon & sail upgrades to become a better captain and master naval battles.EXPLORE THE IMMENSITY OF THE CARIBBEAN... AND MUCH MORE!Sail throughout a vast array of islands as you explore a huge map.Search for nearly one hundred treasures and lost files.Run through dozens of lost Mayan temples, dodge obstacles using epic assassins parkour moves and collect mayans stones. Parkour temples to find the fragments of ancient treasure maps.Hunt sharks, whales and exotic fish to never run out of supplies.Furnish your fish collection with marvelous sea trophies, from small fry to massive sharks.Live the epic pirate life, raise the black flag and loot a merchant ship loaded with gold or set sail on quest to battle a slave ship.Beware of the English empire and the Spanish crown and their powerful master ship, as a pirate you are always on the run.Compete with your friends for the highest bounty.DISCOVER GROUNDBREAKING 3D VISUALS ON MOBILE AND TABLETSBask in the West-Indies sunshine, admire beautiful sea sunsets, navigate ice mazes and sail through the night along breathtaking coastlines.Changing weather conditions directly impact the way you run your ship and redefine every landscape. Beware of storms and of the treacherous fog that will conceal your enemies until the last moment!Master the sea to become the most skillful pirate of the Caribbean Sea and be victorious in battles.EMBARK ON AN EPIC QUEST FOR A LEGENDARY TREASURELive a naval adventure that will reveal the truth about the mysterious lost treasure of the famous French pirate and assassin La Buse.Cross paths with Assassins and Templars and take part in their age-old struggle.Meet the most notorious and colorful pirates of the era, including Sam Bellamy, Ben Hornigold, Charles Vane and Blackbeard!Game available in: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Brazilian Portuguese, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Russian, Turkish and IndonesianStay on top of your game! Get the latest news, deals, and more at....FACEBOOK:http://facebook.com/UbisoftMobileGamesTWITTER:http://twitter.com/ubisoftmobileYOUTUBE:http://youtube.com/user/Ubisoft This game is free to download and free to play but some game items can be purchased for real money. You can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings. BUILD UP YOUR CREW AND YOUR SHIPRaise your flag on the most iconic boats of the Golden Age of Piracy; ranging from the smallest ship to the Man OWar floating fortress.Upgrade your vessel with legendary customizations and the massive bounty plundered on the wild seas.Build your naval empire by recruiting the finest crew members and learn more than 50 new pirating techniques, cannon & sail upgrades to become a better captain and master naval battles.EXPLORE THE IMMENSITY OF THE CARIBBEAN... AND MUCH MORE!Sail throughout a vast array of islands as you explore a huge map.Search for nearly one hundred treasures and lost files.Run through dozens of lost Mayan temples, dodge obstacles using epic assassins parkour moves and collect mayans stones. Parkour temples to find the fragments of ancient treasure maps.Hunt sharks, whales and exotic fish to never run out of supplies.Furnish your fish collection with marvelous sea trophies, from small fry to massive sharks.Live the epic pirate life, raise the black flag and loot a merchant ship loaded with gold or set sail on quest to battle a slave ship.Beware of the English empire and the Spanish crown and their powerful master ship, as a pirate you are always on the run.Compete with your friends for the highest bounty.DISCOVER GROUNDBREAKING 3D VISUALS ON MOBILE AND TABLETSBask in the West-Indies sunshine, admire beautiful sea sunsets, navigate ice mazes and sail through the night along breathtaking coastlines.Changing weather conditions directly impact the way you run your ship and redefine every landscape. Beware of storms and of the treacherous fog that will conceal your enemies until the last moment!Master the sea to become the most skillful pirate of the Caribbean Sea and be victorious in battles.EMBARK ON AN EPIC QUEST FOR A LEGENDARY TREASURELive a naval adventure that will reveal the truth about the mysterious lost treasure of the famous French pirate and assassin La Buse.Cross paths with Assassins and Templars and take part in their age-old struggle.Meet the most notorious and colorful pirates of the era, including Sam Bellamy, Ben Hornigold, Charles Vane and Blackbeard!Game available in: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Brazilian Portuguese, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Russian, Turkish and IndonesianStay on top of your game! Get the latest news, deals, and more at....FACEBOOK:http://facebook.com/UbisoftMobileGamesTWITTER:http://twitter.com/ubisoftmobileYOUTUBE:http://youtube.com/user/Ubisoft This game is free to download and free to play but some game items can be purchased for real money. You can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings. EXPLORE THE IMMENSITY OF THE CARIBBEAN... AND MUCH MORE!Sail throughout a vast array of islands as you explore a huge map.Search for nearly one hundred treasures and lost files.Run through dozens of lost Mayan temples, dodge obstacles using epic assassins parkour moves and collect mayans stones. Parkour temples to find the fragments of ancient treasure maps.Hunt sharks, whales and exotic fish to never run out of supplies.Furnish your fish collection with marvelous sea trophies, from small fry to massive sharks.Live the epic pirate life, raise the black flag and loot a merchant ship loaded with gold or set sail on quest to battle a slave ship.Beware of the English empire and the Spanish crown and their powerful master ship, as a pirate you are always on the run.Compete with your friends for the highest bounty.DISCOVER GROUNDBREAKING 3D VISUALS ON MOBILE AND TABLETSBask in the West-Indies sunshine, admire beautiful sea sunsets, navigate ice mazes and sail through the night along breathtaking coastlines.Changing weather conditions directly impact the way you run your ship and redefine every landscape. Beware of storms and of the treacherous fog that will conceal your enemies until the last moment!Master the sea to become the most skillful pirate of the Caribbean Sea and be victorious in battles.EMBARK ON AN EPIC QUEST FOR A LEGENDARY TREASURELive a naval adventure that will reveal the truth about the mysterious lost treasure of the famous French pirate and assassin La Buse.Cross paths with Assassins and Templars and take part in their age-old struggle.Meet the most notorious and colorful pirates of the era, including Sam Bellamy, Ben Hornigold, Charles Vane and Blackbeard!Game available in: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Brazilian Portuguese, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Russian, Turkish and IndonesianStay on top of your game! Get the latest news, deals, and more at....FACEBOOK:http://facebook.com/UbisoftMobileGamesTWITTER:http://twitter.com/ubisoftmobileYOUTUBE:http://youtube.com/user/Ubisoft This game is free to download and free to play but some game items can be purchased for real money. You can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings. DISCOVER GROUNDBREAKING 3D VISUALS ON MOBILE AND TABLETSBask in the West-Indies sunshine, admire beautiful sea sunsets, navigate ice mazes and sail through the night along breathtaking coastlines.Changing weather conditions directly impact the way you run your ship and redefine every landscape. Beware of storms and of the treacherous fog that will conceal your enemies until the last moment!Master the sea to become the most skillful pirate of the Caribbean Sea and be victorious in battles.EMBARK ON AN EPIC QUEST FOR A LEGENDARY TREASURELive a naval adventure that will reveal the truth about the mysterious lost treasure of the famous French pirate and assassin La Buse.Cross paths with Assassins and Templars and take part in their age-old struggle.Meet the most notorious and colorful pirates of the era, including Sam Bellamy, Ben Hornigold, Charles Vane and Blackbeard!Game available in: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Brazilian Portuguese, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Russian, Turkish and IndonesianStay on top of your game! Get the latest news, deals, and more at....FACEBOOK:http://facebook.com/UbisoftMobileGamesTWITTER:http://twitter.com/ubisoftmobileYOUTUBE:http://youtube.com/user/Ubisoft This game is free to download and free to play but some game items can be purchased for real money. You can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings. EMBARK ON AN EPIC QUEST FOR A LEGENDARY TREASURELive a naval adventure that will reveal the truth about the mysterious lost treasure of the famous French pirate and assassin La Buse.Cross paths with Assassins and Templars and take part in their age-old struggle.Meet the most notorious and colorful pirates of the era, including Sam Bellamy, Ben Hornigold, Charles Vane and Blackbeard!Game available in: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Brazilian Portuguese, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Russian, Turkish and IndonesianStay on top of your game! Get the latest news, deals, and more at....FACEBOOK:http://facebook.com/UbisoftMobileGamesTWITTER:http://twitter.com/ubisoftmobileYOUTUBE:http://youtube.com/user/Ubisoft This game is free to download and free to play but some game items can be purchased for real money. You can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings. Game available in: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Brazilian Portuguese, Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Russian, Turkish and IndonesianStay on top of your game! Get the latest news, deals, and more at....FACEBOOK:http://facebook.com/UbisoftMobileGamesTWITTER:http://twitter.com/ubisoftmobileYOUTUBE:http://youtube.com/user/Ubisoft This game is free to download and free to play but some game items can be purchased for real money. You can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings. Stay on top of your game! Get the latest news, deals, and more at....FACEBOOK:http://facebook.com/UbisoftMobileGamesTWITTER:http://twitter.com/ubisoftmobileYOUTUBE:http://youtube.com/user/Ubisoft This game is free to download and free to play but some game items can be purchased for real money. You can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings.  This game is free to download and free to play but some game items can be purchased for real money. You can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings.
This game is optimized for tablets.The dawn is especially cruel this morning...For as long as you can remember, your view of the world has been limited to the heavily fortified walls of Candlekeep. Your foster father, Gorion, has done everything in his power to protect you and keep you out of harms way.All of that is about to change. Forced to leave your home under mysterious circumstances, you find yourself drawn into a conflict that has the Sword Coast on the brink of war. An iron shortage of unknown origin threatens to plunge the city of Baldurs Gate into conflict with Amn. Meanwhile, there is something else at work, far more sinister than you can even begin to fathom...Since its release in 1998, this classic saga of mystery, intrigue, and adventure has set the standard for Dungeons & Dragons computer roleplaying games. Customize your heros traits and abilities, recruit a party of brave allies, and explore the far corners of the Sword Coast in your search for adventure, profit and the truth.Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition contains the original 60-hour epic, as well as the following expansions:* Tales of the Sword Coast: Explore the fabled Durlags Tower and more locations from the original Baldurs Gate expansion.* The Black Pits: You have been captured and forced to fight in Baeloths marvelous arena. A myriad of monsters await, as well as countless other adventurers who face the same fate. Maim, murder, and maul your way to freedom if you can!* Discover countless improvements weve made to the original game, including high-resolution fonts, an improved interface, dynamic zooming, and more!* Brothers Lost: Lend your aid to Rasaad yn Bashir, the Sun Soul monk, as he scours the Cloud Peaks in search of his lost brother.Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition also offers the following premium content available for purchase:* Neera and the Red Wizards: Save the wild mage Neera from the cruel machinations of Thays dreaded Red Wizards.* Path of the Bloodied: Join the blackguard Dorn Il-Khan in taking revenge against those who betrayed him in Luskan.* Gallery of Heroes: Reimagine your character with eleven never-before-seen character portraits from acclaimed Icewind Dale artist Jason Manley!* New professionally recorded voice sets to choose from to further customize your character. The dawn is especially cruel this morning...For as long as you can remember, your view of the world has been limited to the heavily fortified walls of Candlekeep. Your foster father, Gorion, has done everything in his power to protect you and keep you out of harms way.All of that is about to change. Forced to leave your home under mysterious circumstances, you find yourself drawn into a conflict that has the Sword Coast on the brink of war. An iron shortage of unknown origin threatens to plunge the city of Baldurs Gate into conflict with Amn. Meanwhile, there is something else at work, far more sinister than you can even begin to fathom...Since its release in 1998, this classic saga of mystery, intrigue, and adventure has set the standard for Dungeons & Dragons computer roleplaying games. Customize your heros traits and abilities, recruit a party of brave allies, and explore the far corners of the Sword Coast in your search for adventure, profit and the truth.Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition contains the original 60-hour epic, as well as the following expansions:* Tales of the Sword Coast: Explore the fabled Durlags Tower and more locations from the original Baldurs Gate expansion.* The Black Pits: You have been captured and forced to fight in Baeloths marvelous arena. A myriad of monsters await, as well as countless other adventurers who face the same fate. Maim, murder, and maul your way to freedom if you can!* Discover countless improvements weve made to the original game, including high-resolution fonts, an improved interface, dynamic zooming, and more!* Brothers Lost: Lend your aid to Rasaad yn Bashir, the Sun Soul monk, as he scours the Cloud Peaks in search of his lost brother.Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition also offers the following premium content available for purchase:* Neera and the Red Wizards: Save the wild mage Neera from the cruel machinations of Thays dreaded Red Wizards.* Path of the Bloodied: Join the blackguard Dorn Il-Khan in taking revenge against those who betrayed him in Luskan.* Gallery of Heroes: Reimagine your character with eleven never-before-seen character portraits from acclaimed Icewind Dale artist Jason Manley!* New professionally recorded voice sets to choose from to further customize your character. For as long as you can remember, your view of the world has been limited to the heavily fortified walls of Candlekeep. Your foster father, Gorion, has done everything in his power to protect you and keep you out of harms way.All of that is about to change. Forced to leave your home under mysterious circumstances, you find yourself drawn into a conflict that has the Sword Coast on the brink of war. An iron shortage of unknown origin threatens to plunge the city of Baldurs Gate into conflict with Amn. Meanwhile, there is something else at work, far more sinister than you can even begin to fathom...Since its release in 1998, this classic saga of mystery, intrigue, and adventure has set the standard for Dungeons & Dragons computer roleplaying games. Customize your heros traits and abilities, recruit a party of brave allies, and explore the far corners of the Sword Coast in your search for adventure, profit and the truth.Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition contains the original 60-hour epic, as well as the following expansions:* Tales of the Sword Coast: Explore the fabled Durlags Tower and more locations from the original Baldurs Gate expansion.* The Black Pits: You have been captured and forced to fight in Baeloths marvelous arena. A myriad of monsters await, as well as countless other adventurers who face the same fate. Maim, murder, and maul your way to freedom if you can!* Discover countless improvements weve made to the original game, including high-resolution fonts, an improved interface, dynamic zooming, and more!* Brothers Lost: Lend your aid to Rasaad yn Bashir, the Sun Soul monk, as he scours the Cloud Peaks in search of his lost brother.Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition also offers the following premium content available for purchase:* Neera and the Red Wizards: Save the wild mage Neera from the cruel machinations of Thays dreaded Red Wizards.* Path of the Bloodied: Join the blackguard Dorn Il-Khan in taking revenge against those who betrayed him in Luskan.* Gallery of Heroes: Reimagine your character with eleven never-before-seen character portraits from acclaimed Icewind Dale artist Jason Manley!* New professionally recorded voice sets to choose from to further customize your character. All of that is about to change. Forced to leave your home under mysterious circumstances, you find yourself drawn into a conflict that has the Sword Coast on the brink of war. An iron shortage of unknown origin threatens to plunge the city of Baldurs Gate into conflict with Amn. Meanwhile, there is something else at work, far more sinister than you can even begin to fathom...Since its release in 1998, this classic saga of mystery, intrigue, and adventure has set the standard for Dungeons & Dragons computer roleplaying games. Customize your heros traits and abilities, recruit a party of brave allies, and explore the far corners of the Sword Coast in your search for adventure, profit and the truth.Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition contains the original 60-hour epic, as well as the following expansions:* Tales of the Sword Coast: Explore the fabled Durlags Tower and more locations from the original Baldurs Gate expansion.* The Black Pits: You have been captured and forced to fight in Baeloths marvelous arena. A myriad of monsters await, as well as countless other adventurers who face the same fate. Maim, murder, and maul your way to freedom if you can!* Discover countless improvements weve made to the original game, including high-resolution fonts, an improved interface, dynamic zooming, and more!* Brothers Lost: Lend your aid to Rasaad yn Bashir, the Sun Soul monk, as he scours the Cloud Peaks in search of his lost brother.Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition also offers the following premium content available for purchase:* Neera and the Red Wizards: Save the wild mage Neera from the cruel machinations of Thays dreaded Red Wizards.* Path of the Bloodied: Join the blackguard Dorn Il-Khan in taking revenge against those who betrayed him in Luskan.* Gallery of Heroes: Reimagine your character with eleven never-before-seen character portraits from acclaimed Icewind Dale artist Jason Manley!* New professionally recorded voice sets to choose from to further customize your character. Since its release in 1998, this classic saga of mystery, intrigue, and adventure has set the standard for Dungeons & Dragons computer roleplaying games. Customize your heros traits and abilities, recruit a party of brave allies, and explore the far corners of the Sword Coast in your search for adventure, profit and the truth.Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition contains the original 60-hour epic, as well as the following expansions:* Tales of the Sword Coast: Explore the fabled Durlags Tower and more locations from the original Baldurs Gate expansion.* The Black Pits: You have been captured and forced to fight in Baeloths marvelous arena. A myriad of monsters await, as well as countless other adventurers who face the same fate. Maim, murder, and maul your way to freedom if you can!* Discover countless improvements weve made to the original game, including high-resolution fonts, an improved interface, dynamic zooming, and more!* Brothers Lost: Lend your aid to Rasaad yn Bashir, the Sun Soul monk, as he scours the Cloud Peaks in search of his lost brother.Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition also offers the following premium content available for purchase:* Neera and the Red Wizards: Save the wild mage Neera from the cruel machinations of Thays dreaded Red Wizards.* Path of the Bloodied: Join the blackguard Dorn Il-Khan in taking revenge against those who betrayed him in Luskan.* Gallery of Heroes: Reimagine your character with eleven never-before-seen character portraits from acclaimed Icewind Dale artist Jason Manley!* New professionally recorded voice sets to choose from to further customize your character. Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition contains the original 60-hour epic, as well as the following expansions:* Tales of the Sword Coast: Explore the fabled Durlags Tower and more locations from the original Baldurs Gate expansion.* The Black Pits: You have been captured and forced to fight in Baeloths marvelous arena. A myriad of monsters await, as well as countless other adventurers who face the same fate. Maim, murder, and maul your way to freedom if you can!* Discover countless improvements weve made to the original game, including high-resolution fonts, an improved interface, dynamic zooming, and more!* Brothers Lost: Lend your aid to Rasaad yn Bashir, the Sun Soul monk, as he scours the Cloud Peaks in search of his lost brother.Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition also offers the following premium content available for purchase:* Neera and the Red Wizards: Save the wild mage Neera from the cruel machinations of Thays dreaded Red Wizards.* Path of the Bloodied: Join the blackguard Dorn Il-Khan in taking revenge against those who betrayed him in Luskan.* Gallery of Heroes: Reimagine your character with eleven never-before-seen character portraits from acclaimed Icewind Dale artist Jason Manley!* New professionally recorded voice sets to choose from to further customize your character. * Tales of the Sword Coast: Explore the fabled Durlags Tower and more locations from the original Baldurs Gate expansion.* The Black Pits: You have been captured and forced to fight in Baeloths marvelous arena. A myriad of monsters await, as well as countless other adventurers who face the same fate. Maim, murder, and maul your way to freedom if you can!* Discover countless improvements weve made to the original game, including high-resolution fonts, an improved interface, dynamic zooming, and more!* Brothers Lost: Lend your aid to Rasaad yn Bashir, the Sun Soul monk, as he scours the Cloud Peaks in search of his lost brother.Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition also offers the following premium content available for purchase:* Neera and the Red Wizards: Save the wild mage Neera from the cruel machinations of Thays dreaded Red Wizards.* Path of the Bloodied: Join the blackguard Dorn Il-Khan in taking revenge against those who betrayed him in Luskan.* Gallery of Heroes: Reimagine your character with eleven never-before-seen character portraits from acclaimed Icewind Dale artist Jason Manley!* New professionally recorded voice sets to choose from to further customize your character. Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition also offers the following premium content available for purchase:* Neera and the Red Wizards: Save the wild mage Neera from the cruel machinations of Thays dreaded Red Wizards.* Path of the Bloodied: Join the blackguard Dorn Il-Khan in taking revenge against those who betrayed him in Luskan.* Gallery of Heroes: Reimagine your character with eleven never-before-seen character portraits from acclaimed Icewind Dale artist Jason Manley!* New professionally recorded voice sets to choose from to further customize your character. * Neera and the Red Wizards: Save the wild mage Neera from the cruel machinations of Thays dreaded Red Wizards.* Path of the Bloodied: Join the blackguard Dorn Il-Khan in taking revenge against those who betrayed him in Luskan.* Gallery of Heroes: Reimagine your character with eleven never-before-seen character portraits from acclaimed Icewind Dale artist Jason Manley!* New professionally recorded voice sets to choose from to further customize your character.
Kidnapped. Imprisoned. Tortured. The wizard Irenicus holds you captive in his stronghold, attempting to strip you of the powers that are your birthright.Can you resist the evil within you, forge a legend of heroic proportions, and ultimately destroy the dark essence that haunts your dreams? Or will you embrace your monstrous nature, carve a swath of destruction across the realms, and ascend to godhood as the new Lord of Murder?Baldurs Gate II: Enhanced Edition includes the original Shadows of Amn campaign, as well as the following expansions:* Throne of Bhaal: Travel to Tethyr in this thrilling conclusion to the Bhaalspawn saga, and delve into the treasure-filled halls of Watchers Keep!* Fist of the Fallen: Help the Sun Soul Monk Rasaad find peace in his quest for vengeance, and determine the fate of a heretical sect.* The Black Pits II: Gladiators of Thay: Explore the tactical depth of high-level Dungeons & Dragons combat. Turn your captors against each other while you dodge traps and battle for your life against Demi-Liches, Mind Flayers, and the legendary Githyanki.Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced Edition also offers the following premium content available for purchase:* A Price Paid in Blood: Join the Blackguard Dorn in carving a swath of destruction across the Realms, as he struggles to appease the increasingly bloody demands of his dark patron.* A Voice in the Dark: Recruit the mysterious Thief Hexxat and take up her mission of retrieving long-lost artifacts from tombs as far away as Zakhara.* In Defense of the Wild: Protect the innocent and stand with Neera the Wild Mage against a ruthless school of Red Wizards.Note: All translations are text only. Voice-overs are played in English. Can you resist the evil within you, forge a legend of heroic proportions, and ultimately destroy the dark essence that haunts your dreams? Or will you embrace your monstrous nature, carve a swath of destruction across the realms, and ascend to godhood as the new Lord of Murder?Baldurs Gate II: Enhanced Edition includes the original Shadows of Amn campaign, as well as the following expansions:* Throne of Bhaal: Travel to Tethyr in this thrilling conclusion to the Bhaalspawn saga, and delve into the treasure-filled halls of Watchers Keep!* Fist of the Fallen: Help the Sun Soul Monk Rasaad find peace in his quest for vengeance, and determine the fate of a heretical sect.* The Black Pits II: Gladiators of Thay: Explore the tactical depth of high-level Dungeons & Dragons combat. Turn your captors against each other while you dodge traps and battle for your life against Demi-Liches, Mind Flayers, and the legendary Githyanki.Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced Edition also offers the following premium content available for purchase:* A Price Paid in Blood: Join the Blackguard Dorn in carving a swath of destruction across the Realms, as he struggles to appease the increasingly bloody demands of his dark patron.* A Voice in the Dark: Recruit the mysterious Thief Hexxat and take up her mission of retrieving long-lost artifacts from tombs as far away as Zakhara.* In Defense of the Wild: Protect the innocent and stand with Neera the Wild Mage against a ruthless school of Red Wizards.Note: All translations are text only. Voice-overs are played in English. Baldurs Gate II: Enhanced Edition includes the original Shadows of Amn campaign, as well as the following expansions:* Throne of Bhaal: Travel to Tethyr in this thrilling conclusion to the Bhaalspawn saga, and delve into the treasure-filled halls of Watchers Keep!* Fist of the Fallen: Help the Sun Soul Monk Rasaad find peace in his quest for vengeance, and determine the fate of a heretical sect.* The Black Pits II: Gladiators of Thay: Explore the tactical depth of high-level Dungeons & Dragons combat. Turn your captors against each other while you dodge traps and battle for your life against Demi-Liches, Mind Flayers, and the legendary Githyanki.Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced Edition also offers the following premium content available for purchase:* A Price Paid in Blood: Join the Blackguard Dorn in carving a swath of destruction across the Realms, as he struggles to appease the increasingly bloody demands of his dark patron.* A Voice in the Dark: Recruit the mysterious Thief Hexxat and take up her mission of retrieving long-lost artifacts from tombs as far away as Zakhara.* In Defense of the Wild: Protect the innocent and stand with Neera the Wild Mage against a ruthless school of Red Wizards.Note: All translations are text only. Voice-overs are played in English. * Throne of Bhaal: Travel to Tethyr in this thrilling conclusion to the Bhaalspawn saga, and delve into the treasure-filled halls of Watchers Keep!* Fist of the Fallen: Help the Sun Soul Monk Rasaad find peace in his quest for vengeance, and determine the fate of a heretical sect.* The Black Pits II: Gladiators of Thay: Explore the tactical depth of high-level Dungeons & Dragons combat. Turn your captors against each other while you dodge traps and battle for your life against Demi-Liches, Mind Flayers, and the legendary Githyanki.Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced Edition also offers the following premium content available for purchase:* A Price Paid in Blood: Join the Blackguard Dorn in carving a swath of destruction across the Realms, as he struggles to appease the increasingly bloody demands of his dark patron.* A Voice in the Dark: Recruit the mysterious Thief Hexxat and take up her mission of retrieving long-lost artifacts from tombs as far away as Zakhara.* In Defense of the Wild: Protect the innocent and stand with Neera the Wild Mage against a ruthless school of Red Wizards.Note: All translations are text only. Voice-overs are played in English. * Fist of the Fallen: Help the Sun Soul Monk Rasaad find peace in his quest for vengeance, and determine the fate of a heretical sect.* The Black Pits II: Gladiators of Thay: Explore the tactical depth of high-level Dungeons & Dragons combat. Turn your captors against each other while you dodge traps and battle for your life against Demi-Liches, Mind Flayers, and the legendary Githyanki.Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced Edition also offers the following premium content available for purchase:* A Price Paid in Blood: Join the Blackguard Dorn in carving a swath of destruction across the Realms, as he struggles to appease the increasingly bloody demands of his dark patron.* A Voice in the Dark: Recruit the mysterious Thief Hexxat and take up her mission of retrieving long-lost artifacts from tombs as far away as Zakhara.* In Defense of the Wild: Protect the innocent and stand with Neera the Wild Mage against a ruthless school of Red Wizards.Note: All translations are text only. Voice-overs are played in English. * The Black Pits II: Gladiators of Thay: Explore the tactical depth of high-level Dungeons & Dragons combat. Turn your captors against each other while you dodge traps and battle for your life against Demi-Liches, Mind Flayers, and the legendary Githyanki.Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced Edition also offers the following premium content available for purchase:* A Price Paid in Blood: Join the Blackguard Dorn in carving a swath of destruction across the Realms, as he struggles to appease the increasingly bloody demands of his dark patron.* A Voice in the Dark: Recruit the mysterious Thief Hexxat and take up her mission of retrieving long-lost artifacts from tombs as far away as Zakhara.* In Defense of the Wild: Protect the innocent and stand with Neera the Wild Mage against a ruthless school of Red Wizards.Note: All translations are text only. Voice-overs are played in English. Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced Edition also offers the following premium content available for purchase:* A Price Paid in Blood: Join the Blackguard Dorn in carving a swath of destruction across the Realms, as he struggles to appease the increasingly bloody demands of his dark patron.* A Voice in the Dark: Recruit the mysterious Thief Hexxat and take up her mission of retrieving long-lost artifacts from tombs as far away as Zakhara.* In Defense of the Wild: Protect the innocent and stand with Neera the Wild Mage against a ruthless school of Red Wizards.Note: All translations are text only. Voice-overs are played in English. * A Price Paid in Blood: Join the Blackguard Dorn in carving a swath of destruction across the Realms, as he struggles to appease the increasingly bloody demands of his dark patron.* A Voice in the Dark: Recruit the mysterious Thief Hexxat and take up her mission of retrieving long-lost artifacts from tombs as far away as Zakhara.* In Defense of the Wild: Protect the innocent and stand with Neera the Wild Mage against a ruthless school of Red Wizards.Note: All translations are text only. Voice-overs are played in English. * A Voice in the Dark: Recruit the mysterious Thief Hexxat and take up her mission of retrieving long-lost artifacts from tombs as far away as Zakhara.* In Defense of the Wild: Protect the innocent and stand with Neera the Wild Mage against a ruthless school of Red Wizards.Note: All translations are text only. Voice-overs are played in English. * In Defense of the Wild: Protect the innocent and stand with Neera the Wild Mage against a ruthless school of Red Wizards.Note: All translations are text only. Voice-overs are played in English. Note: All translations are text only. Voice-overs are played in English.
If the world as you knew it was destroyed, how far would you go to get it back?The Cylons have returned to the Twelve Colonies after a forty-year absence. Bent on revenge, they unleash nuclear weapons powerful enough to destroy human civilization... and nearly succeed. The only survivors of the Cylon assault are a ragtag fleet of civilian ships and the last remaining Colonial Battlestar: Galactica.As Commander of Galactica, you must lead the civilian fleet through uncharted space in search of a new home, while defending it from relentless Cylon attacks. These machines never sleep; letting your guard down for even a moment will cause not only your downfall, but also that of the entire human race. In Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons, you will:- BATTLE waves of Cylons intent on your destruction.- CONSTRUCT a wide variety of Colonial combat ships from blueprints found on Galactica.- TRANSFORM your ships into high-performance fighting machines with scavenged technology.- ESCAPE an overwhelming Cylon onslaught by executing a faster-than-light JUMP!- DEFEND the civilian population that depends on you for protection.- And above all, SURVIVE long enough to continue the search for planet Earth, humanity's new home.--Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons, collects non-personal user data (including aggregated data) and connects with 3rd party social media applications. Please note, Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons is completely free to play but offers some game items for purchase with real money. If you choose not to use this feature, you can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings.2016. Battlestar Galactica and Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons and their respective logos are trademarks and copyrights of Universal Television. Licensed by Universal Studios Licensing LLC. All Rights Reserved. The Cylons have returned to the Twelve Colonies after a forty-year absence. Bent on revenge, they unleash nuclear weapons powerful enough to destroy human civilization... and nearly succeed. The only survivors of the Cylon assault are a ragtag fleet of civilian ships and the last remaining Colonial Battlestar: Galactica.As Commander of Galactica, you must lead the civilian fleet through uncharted space in search of a new home, while defending it from relentless Cylon attacks. These machines never sleep; letting your guard down for even a moment will cause not only your downfall, but also that of the entire human race. In Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons, you will:- BATTLE waves of Cylons intent on your destruction.- CONSTRUCT a wide variety of Colonial combat ships from blueprints found on Galactica.- TRANSFORM your ships into high-performance fighting machines with scavenged technology.- ESCAPE an overwhelming Cylon onslaught by executing a faster-than-light JUMP!- DEFEND the civilian population that depends on you for protection.- And above all, SURVIVE long enough to continue the search for planet Earth, humanity's new home.--Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons, collects non-personal user data (including aggregated data) and connects with 3rd party social media applications. Please note, Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons is completely free to play but offers some game items for purchase with real money. If you choose not to use this feature, you can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings.2016. Battlestar Galactica and Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons and their respective logos are trademarks and copyrights of Universal Television. Licensed by Universal Studios Licensing LLC. All Rights Reserved. As Commander of Galactica, you must lead the civilian fleet through uncharted space in search of a new home, while defending it from relentless Cylon attacks. These machines never sleep; letting your guard down for even a moment will cause not only your downfall, but also that of the entire human race. In Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons, you will:- BATTLE waves of Cylons intent on your destruction.- CONSTRUCT a wide variety of Colonial combat ships from blueprints found on Galactica.- TRANSFORM your ships into high-performance fighting machines with scavenged technology.- ESCAPE an overwhelming Cylon onslaught by executing a faster-than-light JUMP!- DEFEND the civilian population that depends on you for protection.- And above all, SURVIVE long enough to continue the search for planet Earth, humanity's new home.--Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons, collects non-personal user data (including aggregated data) and connects with 3rd party social media applications. Please note, Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons is completely free to play but offers some game items for purchase with real money. If you choose not to use this feature, you can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings.2016. Battlestar Galactica and Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons and their respective logos are trademarks and copyrights of Universal Television. Licensed by Universal Studios Licensing LLC. All Rights Reserved. - BATTLE waves of Cylons intent on your destruction.- CONSTRUCT a wide variety of Colonial combat ships from blueprints found on Galactica.- TRANSFORM your ships into high-performance fighting machines with scavenged technology.- ESCAPE an overwhelming Cylon onslaught by executing a faster-than-light JUMP!- DEFEND the civilian population that depends on you for protection.- And above all, SURVIVE long enough to continue the search for planet Earth, humanity's new home.--Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons, collects non-personal user data (including aggregated data) and connects with 3rd party social media applications. Please note, Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons is completely free to play but offers some game items for purchase with real money. If you choose not to use this feature, you can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings.2016. Battlestar Galactica and Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons and their respective logos are trademarks and copyrights of Universal Television. Licensed by Universal Studios Licensing LLC. All Rights Reserved. --Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons, collects non-personal user data (including aggregated data) and connects with 3rd party social media applications. Please note, Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons is completely free to play but offers some game items for purchase with real money. If you choose not to use this feature, you can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings.2016. Battlestar Galactica and Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons and their respective logos are trademarks and copyrights of Universal Television. Licensed by Universal Studios Licensing LLC. All Rights Reserved. Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons, collects non-personal user data (including aggregated data) and connects with 3rd party social media applications. Please note, Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons is completely free to play but offers some game items for purchase with real money. If you choose not to use this feature, you can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings.2016. Battlestar Galactica and Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons and their respective logos are trademarks and copyrights of Universal Television. Licensed by Universal Studios Licensing LLC. All Rights Reserved. Please note, Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons is completely free to play but offers some game items for purchase with real money. If you choose not to use this feature, you can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings.2016. Battlestar Galactica and Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons and their respective logos are trademarks and copyrights of Universal Television. Licensed by Universal Studios Licensing LLC. All Rights Reserved. 2016. Battlestar Galactica and Battlestar Galactica: Squadrons and their respective logos are trademarks and copyrights of Universal Television. Licensed by Universal Studios Licensing LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Download NOW! New players get 100,000 FREE BONUS CHIPS!Get lucky and strike it rich in all your favorite Casino games in the #1 FREE to play Casino app in the world! Big Fish Casino gives you the chance to WIN BIG in Slots, Blackjack, Texas Hold'em Poker, Roulette, and more! Sit down, relax, have a drink & some chips  on us. We've got gorgeous games, the thrill of a Las Vegas casino, and millions of friendly people to play with for FREE!Make a fortune with HUGE Jackpots, Free Daily Games, Slots Bonus Games, and more! Will you play it safe and hold your cards, or double down and get a lucky ace? Over 3 BILLION chips in Jackpots given out each day!Have an adventure like no other in our original Slot Machines! Enter the secret laboratory in Mad Mouse - everyone wins free chips when electricity strikes! Operate the Candy Crane to grab sweet surprises! Fortune awaits those brave enough to enter the Enchanted CavernTOP FEATURES:  Exciting slot machines with FREE SPINS and Bonus Games you won't find anywhere else! Everybody wins together in our unique Social Scatter Slots Games! Win up to 1 MILLION chips in our Reward Center games! Daily FREE game and bonuses could win you up to 100K FREE Chips just for logging in! Play LIVE with your friends in all your favorite casino games! Beat the house in Blackjack or test your skills in Poker!  Customize and strut your stuff with free pets, gifts, and power ups!-----------Questions? Suggestions? Contact us at www.bigfishcasinosupport.com!Terms of Use: http://www.bigfishgames.com/company/terms.htmlPrivacy Policy: http://www.bigfishgames.com/company/privacy.htmlThis game is intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes.  Practice or success at social gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling. Get lucky and strike it rich in all your favorite Casino games in the #1 FREE to play Casino app in the world! Big Fish Casino gives you the chance to WIN BIG in Slots, Blackjack, Texas Hold'em Poker, Roulette, and more! Sit down, relax, have a drink & some chips  on us. We've got gorgeous games, the thrill of a Las Vegas casino, and millions of friendly people to play with for FREE!Make a fortune with HUGE Jackpots, Free Daily Games, Slots Bonus Games, and more! Will you play it safe and hold your cards, or double down and get a lucky ace? Over 3 BILLION chips in Jackpots given out each day!Have an adventure like no other in our original Slot Machines! Enter the secret laboratory in Mad Mouse - everyone wins free chips when electricity strikes! Operate the Candy Crane to grab sweet surprises! Fortune awaits those brave enough to enter the Enchanted CavernTOP FEATURES:  Exciting slot machines with FREE SPINS and Bonus Games you won't find anywhere else! Everybody wins together in our unique Social Scatter Slots Games! Win up to 1 MILLION chips in our Reward Center games! Daily FREE game and bonuses could win you up to 100K FREE Chips just for logging in! Play LIVE with your friends in all your favorite casino games! Beat the house in Blackjack or test your skills in Poker!  Customize and strut your stuff with free pets, gifts, and power ups!-----------Questions? Suggestions? Contact us at www.bigfishcasinosupport.com!Terms of Use: http://www.bigfishgames.com/company/terms.htmlPrivacy Policy: http://www.bigfishgames.com/company/privacy.htmlThis game is intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes.  Practice or success at social gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling. Make a fortune with HUGE Jackpots, Free Daily Games, Slots Bonus Games, and more! Will you play it safe and hold your cards, or double down and get a lucky ace? Over 3 BILLION chips in Jackpots given out each day!Have an adventure like no other in our original Slot Machines! Enter the secret laboratory in Mad Mouse - everyone wins free chips when electricity strikes! Operate the Candy Crane to grab sweet surprises! Fortune awaits those brave enough to enter the Enchanted CavernTOP FEATURES:  Exciting slot machines with FREE SPINS and Bonus Games you won't find anywhere else! Everybody wins together in our unique Social Scatter Slots Games! Win up to 1 MILLION chips in our Reward Center games! Daily FREE game and bonuses could win you up to 100K FREE Chips just for logging in! Play LIVE with your friends in all your favorite casino games! Beat the house in Blackjack or test your skills in Poker!  Customize and strut your stuff with free pets, gifts, and power ups!-----------Questions? Suggestions? Contact us at www.bigfishcasinosupport.com!Terms of Use: http://www.bigfishgames.com/company/terms.htmlPrivacy Policy: http://www.bigfishgames.com/company/privacy.htmlThis game is intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes.  Practice or success at social gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling. Have an adventure like no other in our original Slot Machines! Enter the secret laboratory in Mad Mouse - everyone wins free chips when electricity strikes! Operate the Candy Crane to grab sweet surprises! Fortune awaits those brave enough to enter the Enchanted CavernTOP FEATURES:  Exciting slot machines with FREE SPINS and Bonus Games you won't find anywhere else! Everybody wins together in our unique Social Scatter Slots Games! Win up to 1 MILLION chips in our Reward Center games! Daily FREE game and bonuses could win you up to 100K FREE Chips just for logging in! Play LIVE with your friends in all your favorite casino games! Beat the house in Blackjack or test your skills in Poker!  Customize and strut your stuff with free pets, gifts, and power ups!-----------Questions? Suggestions? Contact us at www.bigfishcasinosupport.com!Terms of Use: http://www.bigfishgames.com/company/terms.htmlPrivacy Policy: http://www.bigfishgames.com/company/privacy.htmlThis game is intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes.  Practice or success at social gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling. TOP FEATURES:  Exciting slot machines with FREE SPINS and Bonus Games you won't find anywhere else! Everybody wins together in our unique Social Scatter Slots Games! Win up to 1 MILLION chips in our Reward Center games! Daily FREE game and bonuses could win you up to 100K FREE Chips just for logging in! Play LIVE with your friends in all your favorite casino games! Beat the house in Blackjack or test your skills in Poker!  Customize and strut your stuff with free pets, gifts, and power ups!-----------Questions? Suggestions? Contact us at www.bigfishcasinosupport.com!Terms of Use: http://www.bigfishgames.com/company/terms.htmlPrivacy Policy: http://www.bigfishgames.com/company/privacy.htmlThis game is intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes.  Practice or success at social gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling. -----------Questions? Suggestions? Contact us at www.bigfishcasinosupport.com!Terms of Use: http://www.bigfishgames.com/company/terms.htmlPrivacy Policy: http://www.bigfishgames.com/company/privacy.htmlThis game is intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes.  Practice or success at social gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling. Questions? Suggestions? Contact us at www.bigfishcasinosupport.com!Terms of Use: http://www.bigfishgames.com/company/terms.htmlPrivacy Policy: http://www.bigfishgames.com/company/privacy.htmlThis game is intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes.  Practice or success at social gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling. Terms of Use: http://www.bigfishgames.com/company/terms.htmlPrivacy Policy: http://www.bigfishgames.com/company/privacy.htmlThis game is intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes.  Practice or success at social gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling. This game is intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes.  Practice or success at social gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling.
The Worlds #1 BINGO franchise introduces the fast, addicting twist on the classic game with BINGO Rush 2! Play it for FREE on your Android mobile and tablet devices!***Wi-Fi connection suggested for best playing experience.***HEART-POUNDING GAMEPLAYExperience the fastest BINGO game of your life as you race the clock to collect as many BINGOs as possible before time runs out. Take control of the action with the next ball button, speeding up how quickly balls are called.AVALANCHE OF BINGOS!Play up to 8 cards at once and BINGO up to four times on each card. Try to achieve the ultimate BLACKOUT BINGO to earn BIG payouts!GAME-CHANGING POWER-UPSUnleash the 13 awesome Power-Ups to tilt the odds in your favor and rack up more BINGOs!TRAVEL THE GLOBEBINGO around the world in our international themed rooms as you earn over 40+ Achievements and acquire more than 70+ Collection Items!CROSS-PLATFORM PLAYConnect your BINGORush 2 account to Facebook to sync your profile, credits, coins, power-ups, and everything else youll need!DAILY TOURNAMENTTest your Bingo Rush 2 skills against other players in our Daily Tournament! Climb to the top of the leaderboard for big payouts!WEEKLY TEAM BONUSES!Build your BINGO Rush 2 Team to BINGO with Friends for weekly prizes!  Earn Points as your teammates BINGO and earn additional Bonuses as you progress through FIVE Reward Tiers!  UPDATES! UPDATES! UPDATES!With new content and regular updates, the fun never stops!  Like and Connect with us on our Facebook page for more information! http://www.facebook.com/BINGORush2Like us on Facebook: http://facebook.com/BINGORush2Follow us @BingoRush2: http://Twitter.com/BingoRush2Total Rewards Social Loyalty Program: http://www.trsocial.com/rulesPrivacy Policy information: http://buffalo-studios.com/about/privacy-policy/ Having problems? Any suggestions? We would love to hear from you! You can reach us at mobilesupport@buffalo-studios.com*BINGO Rush 2 contains optional in-app purchases.* This product is intended for use by those 21 or older for amusement purposes only* Practice or success at social casino gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling ***Wi-Fi connection suggested for best playing experience.***HEART-POUNDING GAMEPLAYExperience the fastest BINGO game of your life as you race the clock to collect as many BINGOs as possible before time runs out. Take control of the action with the next ball button, speeding up how quickly balls are called.AVALANCHE OF BINGOS!Play up to 8 cards at once and BINGO up to four times on each card. Try to achieve the ultimate BLACKOUT BINGO to earn BIG payouts!GAME-CHANGING POWER-UPSUnleash the 13 awesome Power-Ups to tilt the odds in your favor and rack up more BINGOs!TRAVEL THE GLOBEBINGO around the world in our international themed rooms as you earn over 40+ Achievements and acquire more than 70+ Collection Items!CROSS-PLATFORM PLAYConnect your BINGORush 2 account to Facebook to sync your profile, credits, coins, power-ups, and everything else youll need!DAILY TOURNAMENTTest your Bingo Rush 2 skills against other players in our Daily Tournament! Climb to the top of the leaderboard for big payouts!WEEKLY TEAM BONUSES!Build your BINGO Rush 2 Team to BINGO with Friends for weekly prizes!  Earn Points as your teammates BINGO and earn additional Bonuses as you progress through FIVE Reward Tiers!  UPDATES! UPDATES! UPDATES!With new content and regular updates, the fun never stops!  Like and Connect with us on our Facebook page for more information! http://www.facebook.com/BINGORush2Like us on Facebook: http://facebook.com/BINGORush2Follow us @BingoRush2: http://Twitter.com/BingoRush2Total Rewards Social Loyalty Program: http://www.trsocial.com/rulesPrivacy Policy information: http://buffalo-studios.com/about/privacy-policy/ Having problems? Any suggestions? We would love to hear from you! You can reach us at mobilesupport@buffalo-studios.com*BINGO Rush 2 contains optional in-app purchases.* This product is intended for use by those 21 or older for amusement purposes only* Practice or success at social casino gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling HEART-POUNDING GAMEPLAYExperience the fastest BINGO game of your life as you race the clock to collect as many BINGOs as possible before time runs out. Take control of the action with the next ball button, speeding up how quickly balls are called.AVALANCHE OF BINGOS!Play up to 8 cards at once and BINGO up to four times on each card. Try to achieve the ultimate BLACKOUT BINGO to earn BIG payouts!GAME-CHANGING POWER-UPSUnleash the 13 awesome Power-Ups to tilt the odds in your favor and rack up more BINGOs!TRAVEL THE GLOBEBINGO around the world in our international themed rooms as you earn over 40+ Achievements and acquire more than 70+ Collection Items!CROSS-PLATFORM PLAYConnect your BINGORush 2 account to Facebook to sync your profile, credits, coins, power-ups, and everything else youll need!DAILY TOURNAMENTTest your Bingo Rush 2 skills against other players in our Daily Tournament! Climb to the top of the leaderboard for big payouts!WEEKLY TEAM BONUSES!Build your BINGO Rush 2 Team to BINGO with Friends for weekly prizes!  Earn Points as your teammates BINGO and earn additional Bonuses as you progress through FIVE Reward Tiers!  UPDATES! UPDATES! UPDATES!With new content and regular updates, the fun never stops!  Like and Connect with us on our Facebook page for more information! http://www.facebook.com/BINGORush2Like us on Facebook: http://facebook.com/BINGORush2Follow us @BingoRush2: http://Twitter.com/BingoRush2Total Rewards Social Loyalty Program: http://www.trsocial.com/rulesPrivacy Policy information: http://buffalo-studios.com/about/privacy-policy/ Having problems? Any suggestions? We would love to hear from you! You can reach us at mobilesupport@buffalo-studios.com*BINGO Rush 2 contains optional in-app purchases.* This product is intended for use by those 21 or older for amusement purposes only* Practice or success at social casino gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling AVALANCHE OF BINGOS!Play up to 8 cards at once and BINGO up to four times on each card. Try to achieve the ultimate BLACKOUT BINGO to earn BIG payouts!GAME-CHANGING POWER-UPSUnleash the 13 awesome Power-Ups to tilt the odds in your favor and rack up more BINGOs!TRAVEL THE GLOBEBINGO around the world in our international themed rooms as you earn over 40+ Achievements and acquire more than 70+ Collection Items!CROSS-PLATFORM PLAYConnect your BINGORush 2 account to Facebook to sync your profile, credits, coins, power-ups, and everything else youll need!DAILY TOURNAMENTTest your Bingo Rush 2 skills against other players in our Daily Tournament! Climb to the top of the leaderboard for big payouts!WEEKLY TEAM BONUSES!Build your BINGO Rush 2 Team to BINGO with Friends for weekly prizes!  Earn Points as your teammates BINGO and earn additional Bonuses as you progress through FIVE Reward Tiers!  UPDATES! UPDATES! UPDATES!With new content and regular updates, the fun never stops!  Like and Connect with us on our Facebook page for more information! http://www.facebook.com/BINGORush2Like us on Facebook: http://facebook.com/BINGORush2Follow us @BingoRush2: http://Twitter.com/BingoRush2Total Rewards Social Loyalty Program: http://www.trsocial.com/rulesPrivacy Policy information: http://buffalo-studios.com/about/privacy-policy/ Having problems? Any suggestions? We would love to hear from you! You can reach us at mobilesupport@buffalo-studios.com*BINGO Rush 2 contains optional in-app purchases.* This product is intended for use by those 21 or older for amusement purposes only* Practice or success at social casino gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling GAME-CHANGING POWER-UPSUnleash the 13 awesome Power-Ups to tilt the odds in your favor and rack up more BINGOs!TRAVEL THE GLOBEBINGO around the world in our international themed rooms as you earn over 40+ Achievements and acquire more than 70+ Collection Items!CROSS-PLATFORM PLAYConnect your BINGORush 2 account to Facebook to sync your profile, credits, coins, power-ups, and everything else youll need!DAILY TOURNAMENTTest your Bingo Rush 2 skills against other players in our Daily Tournament! Climb to the top of the leaderboard for big payouts!WEEKLY TEAM BONUSES!Build your BINGO Rush 2 Team to BINGO with Friends for weekly prizes!  Earn Points as your teammates BINGO and earn additional Bonuses as you progress through FIVE Reward Tiers!  UPDATES! UPDATES! UPDATES!With new content and regular updates, the fun never stops!  Like and Connect with us on our Facebook page for more information! http://www.facebook.com/BINGORush2Like us on Facebook: http://facebook.com/BINGORush2Follow us @BingoRush2: http://Twitter.com/BingoRush2Total Rewards Social Loyalty Program: http://www.trsocial.com/rulesPrivacy Policy information: http://buffalo-studios.com/about/privacy-policy/ Having problems? Any suggestions? We would love to hear from you! You can reach us at mobilesupport@buffalo-studios.com*BINGO Rush 2 contains optional in-app purchases.* This product is intended for use by those 21 or older for amusement purposes only* Practice or success at social casino gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling TRAVEL THE GLOBEBINGO around the world in our international themed rooms as you earn over 40+ Achievements and acquire more than 70+ Collection Items!CROSS-PLATFORM PLAYConnect your BINGORush 2 account to Facebook to sync your profile, credits, coins, power-ups, and everything else youll need!DAILY TOURNAMENTTest your Bingo Rush 2 skills against other players in our Daily Tournament! Climb to the top of the leaderboard for big payouts!WEEKLY TEAM BONUSES!Build your BINGO Rush 2 Team to BINGO with Friends for weekly prizes!  Earn Points as your teammates BINGO and earn additional Bonuses as you progress through FIVE Reward Tiers!  UPDATES! UPDATES! UPDATES!With new content and regular updates, the fun never stops!  Like and Connect with us on our Facebook page for more information! http://www.facebook.com/BINGORush2Like us on Facebook: http://facebook.com/BINGORush2Follow us @BingoRush2: http://Twitter.com/BingoRush2Total Rewards Social Loyalty Program: http://www.trsocial.com/rulesPrivacy Policy information: http://buffalo-studios.com/about/privacy-policy/ Having problems? Any suggestions? We would love to hear from you! You can reach us at mobilesupport@buffalo-studios.com*BINGO Rush 2 contains optional in-app purchases.* This product is intended for use by those 21 or older for amusement purposes only* Practice or success at social casino gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling CROSS-PLATFORM PLAYConnect your BINGORush 2 account to Facebook to sync your profile, credits, coins, power-ups, and everything else youll need!DAILY TOURNAMENTTest your Bingo Rush 2 skills against other players in our Daily Tournament! Climb to the top of the leaderboard for big payouts!WEEKLY TEAM BONUSES!Build your BINGO Rush 2 Team to BINGO with Friends for weekly prizes!  Earn Points as your teammates BINGO and earn additional Bonuses as you progress through FIVE Reward Tiers!  UPDATES! UPDATES! UPDATES!With new content and regular updates, the fun never stops!  Like and Connect with us on our Facebook page for more information! http://www.facebook.com/BINGORush2Like us on Facebook: http://facebook.com/BINGORush2Follow us @BingoRush2: http://Twitter.com/BingoRush2Total Rewards Social Loyalty Program: http://www.trsocial.com/rulesPrivacy Policy information: http://buffalo-studios.com/about/privacy-policy/ Having problems? Any suggestions? We would love to hear from you! You can reach us at mobilesupport@buffalo-studios.com*BINGO Rush 2 contains optional in-app purchases.* This product is intended for use by those 21 or older for amusement purposes only* Practice or success at social casino gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling DAILY TOURNAMENTTest your Bingo Rush 2 skills against other players in our Daily Tournament! Climb to the top of the leaderboard for big payouts!WEEKLY TEAM BONUSES!Build your BINGO Rush 2 Team to BINGO with Friends for weekly prizes!  Earn Points as your teammates BINGO and earn additional Bonuses as you progress through FIVE Reward Tiers!  UPDATES! UPDATES! UPDATES!With new content and regular updates, the fun never stops!  Like and Connect with us on our Facebook page for more information! http://www.facebook.com/BINGORush2Like us on Facebook: http://facebook.com/BINGORush2Follow us @BingoRush2: http://Twitter.com/BingoRush2Total Rewards Social Loyalty Program: http://www.trsocial.com/rulesPrivacy Policy information: http://buffalo-studios.com/about/privacy-policy/ Having problems? Any suggestions? We would love to hear from you! You can reach us at mobilesupport@buffalo-studios.com*BINGO Rush 2 contains optional in-app purchases.* This product is intended for use by those 21 or older for amusement purposes only* Practice or success at social casino gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling WEEKLY TEAM BONUSES!Build your BINGO Rush 2 Team to BINGO with Friends for weekly prizes!  Earn Points as your teammates BINGO and earn additional Bonuses as you progress through FIVE Reward Tiers!  UPDATES! UPDATES! UPDATES!With new content and regular updates, the fun never stops!  Like and Connect with us on our Facebook page for more information! http://www.facebook.com/BINGORush2Like us on Facebook: http://facebook.com/BINGORush2Follow us @BingoRush2: http://Twitter.com/BingoRush2Total Rewards Social Loyalty Program: http://www.trsocial.com/rulesPrivacy Policy information: http://buffalo-studios.com/about/privacy-policy/ Having problems? Any suggestions? We would love to hear from you! You can reach us at mobilesupport@buffalo-studios.com*BINGO Rush 2 contains optional in-app purchases.* This product is intended for use by those 21 or older for amusement purposes only* Practice or success at social casino gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling UPDATES! UPDATES! UPDATES!With new content and regular updates, the fun never stops!  Like and Connect with us on our Facebook page for more information! http://www.facebook.com/BINGORush2Like us on Facebook: http://facebook.com/BINGORush2Follow us @BingoRush2: http://Twitter.com/BingoRush2Total Rewards Social Loyalty Program: http://www.trsocial.com/rulesPrivacy Policy information: http://buffalo-studios.com/about/privacy-policy/ Having problems? Any suggestions? We would love to hear from you! You can reach us at mobilesupport@buffalo-studios.com*BINGO Rush 2 contains optional in-app purchases.* This product is intended for use by those 21 or older for amusement purposes only* Practice or success at social casino gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling Like us on Facebook: http://facebook.com/BINGORush2Follow us @BingoRush2: http://Twitter.com/BingoRush2Total Rewards Social Loyalty Program: http://www.trsocial.com/rulesPrivacy Policy information: http://buffalo-studios.com/about/privacy-policy/ Having problems? Any suggestions? We would love to hear from you! You can reach us at mobilesupport@buffalo-studios.com*BINGO Rush 2 contains optional in-app purchases.* This product is intended for use by those 21 or older for amusement purposes only* Practice or success at social casino gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling Total Rewards Social Loyalty Program: http://www.trsocial.com/rulesPrivacy Policy information: http://buffalo-studios.com/about/privacy-policy/ Having problems? Any suggestions? We would love to hear from you! You can reach us at mobilesupport@buffalo-studios.com*BINGO Rush 2 contains optional in-app purchases.* This product is intended for use by those 21 or older for amusement purposes only* Practice or success at social casino gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling Having problems? Any suggestions? We would love to hear from you! You can reach us at mobilesupport@buffalo-studios.com*BINGO Rush 2 contains optional in-app purchases.* This product is intended for use by those 21 or older for amusement purposes only* Practice or success at social casino gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling *BINGO Rush 2 contains optional in-app purchases.* This product is intended for use by those 21 or older for amusement purposes only* Practice or success at social casino gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling
Bonza puzzles are instantly addictive! - Will Shortz (Crossword Editor, The New York Times) Combine word search, jigsaw and trivia to solve puzzles as you explore the world of National Geographic. This edition of Bonza highlights themes like Animals, Travel, Planet Earth, Humanity and Science. FREE DAILY PUZZLES Every day you'll be able to solve a new free puzzle. Some are based on current events, some are designed by the Bonza community. FEATURES A new type of crossword Free Daily Puzzles based on current events Stunning National Geographic themed photographyNational Geographic themed puzzlesPuzzles designed by the Bonza community Web: http://bonzapuzzles.com Twitter: http://twitter.com/bonzapuzzles Facebook: http://facebook.com/bonzawordpuzzle Combine word search, jigsaw and trivia to solve puzzles as you explore the world of National Geographic. This edition of Bonza highlights themes like Animals, Travel, Planet Earth, Humanity and Science. FREE DAILY PUZZLES Every day you'll be able to solve a new free puzzle. Some are based on current events, some are designed by the Bonza community. FEATURES A new type of crossword Free Daily Puzzles based on current events Stunning National Geographic themed photographyNational Geographic themed puzzlesPuzzles designed by the Bonza community Web: http://bonzapuzzles.com Twitter: http://twitter.com/bonzapuzzles Facebook: http://facebook.com/bonzawordpuzzle FREE DAILY PUZZLES Every day you'll be able to solve a new free puzzle. Some are based on current events, some are designed by the Bonza community. FEATURES A new type of crossword Free Daily Puzzles based on current events Stunning National Geographic themed photographyNational Geographic themed puzzlesPuzzles designed by the Bonza community Web: http://bonzapuzzles.com Twitter: http://twitter.com/bonzapuzzles Facebook: http://facebook.com/bonzawordpuzzle FEATURES A new type of crossword Free Daily Puzzles based on current events Stunning National Geographic themed photographyNational Geographic themed puzzlesPuzzles designed by the Bonza community Web: http://bonzapuzzles.com Twitter: http://twitter.com/bonzapuzzles Facebook: http://facebook.com/bonzawordpuzzle Web: http://bonzapuzzles.com Twitter: http://twitter.com/bonzapuzzles Facebook: http://facebook.com/bonzawordpuzzle
Business Inc. is a Winner of the 2016 PMI Continuing Professional Education Product of the Year Award!!!Business Inc is a business strategy game in which you run a company developing mobile games. Your goal is to expand your business and become a leader on the market of mobile entertainment. 3 difficulty levels of game play, over 15 employees, and endless number of projects to be run. The game simulates small projectized organization, making profits on projects.Additionally, the game offers predefined Startup scenario with more than 100 projects, more than a dozen people, 11 difficulty levels, hundreds of events and news from the world of project management will provide entertainment but also a bit of learning for a few days of play. The game introduces some basic terms of project management, PMI, PMP, PRINCE2, PMBOK Guide, and Scrum.Prove yourself as a project manager, use your resources as best as you can and earn fortune. You can train people and influence their motivation to increase efficiency and reduce risk. Each project has planned budget, revenue, risk and deadline. Select profitable projects and optimally allocate people at them to earn as much as possible. The Business Inc. provides a business education in a fun way. However the game is difficult. If you have problems finishing it, check our FB website for tips and news: https://www.facebook.com/bincgame Business Inc is a business strategy game in which you run a company developing mobile games. Your goal is to expand your business and become a leader on the market of mobile entertainment. 3 difficulty levels of game play, over 15 employees, and endless number of projects to be run. The game simulates small projectized organization, making profits on projects.Additionally, the game offers predefined Startup scenario with more than 100 projects, more than a dozen people, 11 difficulty levels, hundreds of events and news from the world of project management will provide entertainment but also a bit of learning for a few days of play. The game introduces some basic terms of project management, PMI, PMP, PRINCE2, PMBOK Guide, and Scrum.Prove yourself as a project manager, use your resources as best as you can and earn fortune. You can train people and influence their motivation to increase efficiency and reduce risk. Each project has planned budget, revenue, risk and deadline. Select profitable projects and optimally allocate people at them to earn as much as possible. The Business Inc. provides a business education in a fun way. However the game is difficult. If you have problems finishing it, check our FB website for tips and news: https://www.facebook.com/bincgame 3 difficulty levels of game play, over 15 employees, and endless number of projects to be run. The game simulates small projectized organization, making profits on projects.Additionally, the game offers predefined Startup scenario with more than 100 projects, more than a dozen people, 11 difficulty levels, hundreds of events and news from the world of project management will provide entertainment but also a bit of learning for a few days of play. The game introduces some basic terms of project management, PMI, PMP, PRINCE2, PMBOK Guide, and Scrum.Prove yourself as a project manager, use your resources as best as you can and earn fortune. You can train people and influence their motivation to increase efficiency and reduce risk. Each project has planned budget, revenue, risk and deadline. Select profitable projects and optimally allocate people at them to earn as much as possible. The Business Inc. provides a business education in a fun way. However the game is difficult. If you have problems finishing it, check our FB website for tips and news: https://www.facebook.com/bincgame Additionally, the game offers predefined Startup scenario with more than 100 projects, more than a dozen people, 11 difficulty levels, hundreds of events and news from the world of project management will provide entertainment but also a bit of learning for a few days of play. The game introduces some basic terms of project management, PMI, PMP, PRINCE2, PMBOK Guide, and Scrum.Prove yourself as a project manager, use your resources as best as you can and earn fortune. You can train people and influence their motivation to increase efficiency and reduce risk. Each project has planned budget, revenue, risk and deadline. Select profitable projects and optimally allocate people at them to earn as much as possible. The Business Inc. provides a business education in a fun way. However the game is difficult. If you have problems finishing it, check our FB website for tips and news: https://www.facebook.com/bincgame The game introduces some basic terms of project management, PMI, PMP, PRINCE2, PMBOK Guide, and Scrum.Prove yourself as a project manager, use your resources as best as you can and earn fortune. You can train people and influence their motivation to increase efficiency and reduce risk. Each project has planned budget, revenue, risk and deadline. Select profitable projects and optimally allocate people at them to earn as much as possible. The Business Inc. provides a business education in a fun way. However the game is difficult. If you have problems finishing it, check our FB website for tips and news: https://www.facebook.com/bincgame Prove yourself as a project manager, use your resources as best as you can and earn fortune. You can train people and influence their motivation to increase efficiency and reduce risk. Each project has planned budget, revenue, risk and deadline. Select profitable projects and optimally allocate people at them to earn as much as possible. The Business Inc. provides a business education in a fun way. However the game is difficult. If you have problems finishing it, check our FB website for tips and news: https://www.facebook.com/bincgame The Business Inc. provides a business education in a fun way. However the game is difficult. If you have problems finishing it, check our FB website for tips and news: https://www.facebook.com/bincgame However the game is difficult. If you have problems finishing it, check our FB website for tips and news: https://www.facebook.com/bincgame
Welcome to your freshman year on campus. You've managed to get into Lockwood University, the most esteemed college in the state. But will you make friends? Will you find love? And what will you uncover about your mysterious scholarship? All of that is up to you as you choose your way through this interactive story. - FLIRT WITH guys and try to find a date for the formal! - MAKE FRIENDS and try to get into the best sorority on campus! NOTE: This is just a short sneak preview of Campus Crush for you to try. If you already have the Episode - Choose Your Story app, you should read the full version of Campus Crush there.Supports Tablets! Please note that Campus Crush is free to play, but you are able to purchase game items with real money. If you want to limit the ability to make in-app purchases, you may create a PIN in the Settings menu from within the Google Play Store. Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/65492509241/terms-of-service. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/66744877212/privacy-policy. - FLIRT WITH guys and try to find a date for the formal! - MAKE FRIENDS and try to get into the best sorority on campus! NOTE: This is just a short sneak preview of Campus Crush for you to try. If you already have the Episode - Choose Your Story app, you should read the full version of Campus Crush there.Supports Tablets! Please note that Campus Crush is free to play, but you are able to purchase game items with real money. If you want to limit the ability to make in-app purchases, you may create a PIN in the Settings menu from within the Google Play Store. Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/65492509241/terms-of-service. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/66744877212/privacy-policy. NOTE: This is just a short sneak preview of Campus Crush for you to try. If you already have the Episode - Choose Your Story app, you should read the full version of Campus Crush there.Supports Tablets! Please note that Campus Crush is free to play, but you are able to purchase game items with real money. If you want to limit the ability to make in-app purchases, you may create a PIN in the Settings menu from within the Google Play Store. Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/65492509241/terms-of-service. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/66744877212/privacy-policy. Supports Tablets! Please note that Campus Crush is free to play, but you are able to purchase game items with real money. If you want to limit the ability to make in-app purchases, you may create a PIN in the Settings menu from within the Google Play Store. Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/65492509241/terms-of-service. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/66744877212/privacy-policy. Please note that Campus Crush is free to play, but you are able to purchase game items with real money. If you want to limit the ability to make in-app purchases, you may create a PIN in the Settings menu from within the Google Play Store. Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/65492509241/terms-of-service. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/66744877212/privacy-policy. Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/65492509241/terms-of-service. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/66744877212/privacy-policy.
Charades! is the outrageously fun and exciting multi-activity game for you and your friends!With different challenges from dancing, singing, acting or sketching -- guess the word on the card thats on your head from your friends clues before the timer runs out!Features:- Play heads up against one friend, or one hundred at the same time.- Draw a new card by tilting your phone up or down- Wacky activities from dancing, impersonating to trivia will challenge even the most well-rounded playersWith over 45 themed decks to choose from, many packed with over 400+ exciting gameplay cards, the fun will never stop! So whether you're an artist, a singer, an actor, or a science nerd--there's something for everyone.Decks include:- TV Shows & Movies- Dance Moves- Science- I Love the 70s, 80s, & 90s- Movie Characters- Accents and Impressions- Animal Kingdom- Act it Out- Sports Legends- Fairy Tales- Famous People- State Capitals- Literature- Science- Landmarks and Destinations- Kids: Movies and TV Shows- Facial Expressions- Name Brand- Food Nation- Broadway Musicals- America's Got TalentChallenging players in trivia and creativity, your next party, reunion or family game night will never be the same. Great with groups and used as an icebreaker! Never go bored again when you are hanging out with friends. With different challenges from dancing, singing, acting or sketching -- guess the word on the card thats on your head from your friends clues before the timer runs out!Features:- Play heads up against one friend, or one hundred at the same time.- Draw a new card by tilting your phone up or down- Wacky activities from dancing, impersonating to trivia will challenge even the most well-rounded playersWith over 45 themed decks to choose from, many packed with over 400+ exciting gameplay cards, the fun will never stop! So whether you're an artist, a singer, an actor, or a science nerd--there's something for everyone.Decks include:- TV Shows & Movies- Dance Moves- Science- I Love the 70s, 80s, & 90s- Movie Characters- Accents and Impressions- Animal Kingdom- Act it Out- Sports Legends- Fairy Tales- Famous People- State Capitals- Literature- Science- Landmarks and Destinations- Kids: Movies and TV Shows- Facial Expressions- Name Brand- Food Nation- Broadway Musicals- America's Got TalentChallenging players in trivia and creativity, your next party, reunion or family game night will never be the same. Great with groups and used as an icebreaker! Never go bored again when you are hanging out with friends. Features:- Play heads up against one friend, or one hundred at the same time.- Draw a new card by tilting your phone up or down- Wacky activities from dancing, impersonating to trivia will challenge even the most well-rounded playersWith over 45 themed decks to choose from, many packed with over 400+ exciting gameplay cards, the fun will never stop! So whether you're an artist, a singer, an actor, or a science nerd--there's something for everyone.Decks include:- TV Shows & Movies- Dance Moves- Science- I Love the 70s, 80s, & 90s- Movie Characters- Accents and Impressions- Animal Kingdom- Act it Out- Sports Legends- Fairy Tales- Famous People- State Capitals- Literature- Science- Landmarks and Destinations- Kids: Movies and TV Shows- Facial Expressions- Name Brand- Food Nation- Broadway Musicals- America's Got TalentChallenging players in trivia and creativity, your next party, reunion or family game night will never be the same. Great with groups and used as an icebreaker! Never go bored again when you are hanging out with friends. With over 45 themed decks to choose from, many packed with over 400+ exciting gameplay cards, the fun will never stop! So whether you're an artist, a singer, an actor, or a science nerd--there's something for everyone.Decks include:- TV Shows & Movies- Dance Moves- Science- I Love the 70s, 80s, & 90s- Movie Characters- Accents and Impressions- Animal Kingdom- Act it Out- Sports Legends- Fairy Tales- Famous People- State Capitals- Literature- Science- Landmarks and Destinations- Kids: Movies and TV Shows- Facial Expressions- Name Brand- Food Nation- Broadway Musicals- America's Got TalentChallenging players in trivia and creativity, your next party, reunion or family game night will never be the same. Great with groups and used as an icebreaker! Never go bored again when you are hanging out with friends. Decks include:- TV Shows & Movies- Dance Moves- Science- I Love the 70s, 80s, & 90s- Movie Characters- Accents and Impressions- Animal Kingdom- Act it Out- Sports Legends- Fairy Tales- Famous People- State Capitals- Literature- Science- Landmarks and Destinations- Kids: Movies and TV Shows- Facial Expressions- Name Brand- Food Nation- Broadway Musicals- America's Got TalentChallenging players in trivia and creativity, your next party, reunion or family game night will never be the same. Great with groups and used as an icebreaker! Never go bored again when you are hanging out with friends. Challenging players in trivia and creativity, your next party, reunion or family game night will never be the same. Great with groups and used as an icebreaker! Never go bored again when you are hanging out with friends.
The robots you design will change the world! Will you show them the true meaning of love, or conquer Alaska with your robot army?"Choice of Robots" is an epic 300,000-word interactive sci-fi novel by Kevin Gold, where your choices control the story. It's entirely text-basedwithout graphics or sound effectsand fueled by the vast, unstoppable power of your imagination.Play out thirty years of your life as a brilliant robot maker, from graduate school near the present day to a future in which your robots have changed everything.  Depending on your choices, your robots may be independent or obedient, clumsy or graceful, empathic or cold ... and you yourself may live to an old age happily married or alone with only robots to comfort you.Play as male or female, gay or straight, with nine characters to romance, four alternate climax chapters, and over seventy achievements to unlock. Build a unique robot characteryou choose everything from its shape to what it calls you. Instigate or prevent a robotic uprising. Teach your robots to love humanity, or disdain it.Build an artificial intelligence suitable to take control of the world's governments. Start a war against the United States, and win. Marry a human or an advanced robot, and start a family. "Choice of Robots" is an epic 300,000-word interactive sci-fi novel by Kevin Gold, where your choices control the story. It's entirely text-basedwithout graphics or sound effectsand fueled by the vast, unstoppable power of your imagination.Play out thirty years of your life as a brilliant robot maker, from graduate school near the present day to a future in which your robots have changed everything.  Depending on your choices, your robots may be independent or obedient, clumsy or graceful, empathic or cold ... and you yourself may live to an old age happily married or alone with only robots to comfort you.Play as male or female, gay or straight, with nine characters to romance, four alternate climax chapters, and over seventy achievements to unlock. Build a unique robot characteryou choose everything from its shape to what it calls you. Instigate or prevent a robotic uprising. Teach your robots to love humanity, or disdain it.Build an artificial intelligence suitable to take control of the world's governments. Start a war against the United States, and win. Marry a human or an advanced robot, and start a family. Play out thirty years of your life as a brilliant robot maker, from graduate school near the present day to a future in which your robots have changed everything.  Depending on your choices, your robots may be independent or obedient, clumsy or graceful, empathic or cold ... and you yourself may live to an old age happily married or alone with only robots to comfort you.Play as male or female, gay or straight, with nine characters to romance, four alternate climax chapters, and over seventy achievements to unlock. Build a unique robot characteryou choose everything from its shape to what it calls you. Instigate or prevent a robotic uprising. Teach your robots to love humanity, or disdain it.Build an artificial intelligence suitable to take control of the world's governments. Start a war against the United States, and win. Marry a human or an advanced robot, and start a family. Play as male or female, gay or straight, with nine characters to romance, four alternate climax chapters, and over seventy achievements to unlock. Build a unique robot characteryou choose everything from its shape to what it calls you. Instigate or prevent a robotic uprising. Teach your robots to love humanity, or disdain it.Build an artificial intelligence suitable to take control of the world's governments. Start a war against the United States, and win. Marry a human or an advanced robot, and start a family.  Build a unique robot characteryou choose everything from its shape to what it calls you. Instigate or prevent a robotic uprising. Teach your robots to love humanity, or disdain it.Build an artificial intelligence suitable to take control of the world's governments. Start a war against the United States, and win. Marry a human or an advanced robot, and start a family.
*** We recommend using devices with at least: 5" Display, Quad-Core CPU, 1GB Ram ***** Check out the new resolution setting. If you have problems please drop us a mail with information about your device and android version so we can try to resolve them: support@chasing-carrots.com **If you encounter bugs or crashes please send us a description of it by mail to support@chasing-carrots.com and leave us a message. Thanks!Cast off! Are you ready for some hilarious adventures in outer space?Start by boarding a washed-up space cruiser and fulfill your destiny as an aspiring captain on the hunt for fame and fortune. Cosmonautica combines elements of space trading and crew simulation to create a unique experience. Only if you take good care of your crew you will be able to succeed.Do you have what it takes to become the best trader, smuggler, pirate or even space taxi? Its your choice!Features:* Simulated Galaxy - Cosmonautica offers a detailed and amusing trading simulation gameplay that challenges you among others with pirate attacks, diverse quests and unique crew members. Explore a dynamic and procedurally generated galaxy. Every game is different!* Crew Management - Sign up to eight exceptional and lovable crew members to create a ragtag team of the universes best and brightest. Take care of your crew and promote them to reach their full potential. Only if they fit together well and are satisfied, you are able to get the optimum out of your space ship.* Elaborate Trading Simulation - Trade a bevy of goods, including some rare and illegal stuff, with fellow space merchants while exploring the solar systems. Explore the galaxy and pursue intergalactic trading over many solar systems - each with its own traits.* Lively Story & World - Meet unique characters while you embark on a campaign to unveil the secret of a container and the mysterious past of your board A.I. N1L. Or just roam freely through the galaxy in sandbox mode.* One-of-a-Kind Ships - Choose from a range of ship types, equip your vessel with upgradeable rooms and customize your ship's appearance for even more individuality.* Exciting Space Battles - Command demanding space clashes against enemy ships with crafty maneuvers and tactical actions during encounters. Directly attack or outsmart your enemies by using your hackers ability. Or pick the peaceful route and choose diplomacy.* Cross-Platform Play - Cosmonautica supports cross-platform save games, which will allow you to play the same game on PC and take it on the go with your tablet or other suited devices.Imprint: http://cosmonautica.com/imprint.html ** Check out the new resolution setting. If you have problems please drop us a mail with information about your device and android version so we can try to resolve them: support@chasing-carrots.com **If you encounter bugs or crashes please send us a description of it by mail to support@chasing-carrots.com and leave us a message. Thanks!Cast off! Are you ready for some hilarious adventures in outer space?Start by boarding a washed-up space cruiser and fulfill your destiny as an aspiring captain on the hunt for fame and fortune. Cosmonautica combines elements of space trading and crew simulation to create a unique experience. Only if you take good care of your crew you will be able to succeed.Do you have what it takes to become the best trader, smuggler, pirate or even space taxi? Its your choice!Features:* Simulated Galaxy - Cosmonautica offers a detailed and amusing trading simulation gameplay that challenges you among others with pirate attacks, diverse quests and unique crew members. Explore a dynamic and procedurally generated galaxy. Every game is different!* Crew Management - Sign up to eight exceptional and lovable crew members to create a ragtag team of the universes best and brightest. Take care of your crew and promote them to reach their full potential. Only if they fit together well and are satisfied, you are able to get the optimum out of your space ship.* Elaborate Trading Simulation - Trade a bevy of goods, including some rare and illegal stuff, with fellow space merchants while exploring the solar systems. Explore the galaxy and pursue intergalactic trading over many solar systems - each with its own traits.* Lively Story & World - Meet unique characters while you embark on a campaign to unveil the secret of a container and the mysterious past of your board A.I. N1L. Or just roam freely through the galaxy in sandbox mode.* One-of-a-Kind Ships - Choose from a range of ship types, equip your vessel with upgradeable rooms and customize your ship's appearance for even more individuality.* Exciting Space Battles - Command demanding space clashes against enemy ships with crafty maneuvers and tactical actions during encounters. Directly attack or outsmart your enemies by using your hackers ability. Or pick the peaceful route and choose diplomacy.* Cross-Platform Play - Cosmonautica supports cross-platform save games, which will allow you to play the same game on PC and take it on the go with your tablet or other suited devices.Imprint: http://cosmonautica.com/imprint.html If you encounter bugs or crashes please send us a description of it by mail to support@chasing-carrots.com and leave us a message. Thanks!Cast off! Are you ready for some hilarious adventures in outer space?Start by boarding a washed-up space cruiser and fulfill your destiny as an aspiring captain on the hunt for fame and fortune. Cosmonautica combines elements of space trading and crew simulation to create a unique experience. Only if you take good care of your crew you will be able to succeed.Do you have what it takes to become the best trader, smuggler, pirate or even space taxi? Its your choice!Features:* Simulated Galaxy - Cosmonautica offers a detailed and amusing trading simulation gameplay that challenges you among others with pirate attacks, diverse quests and unique crew members. Explore a dynamic and procedurally generated galaxy. Every game is different!* Crew Management - Sign up to eight exceptional and lovable crew members to create a ragtag team of the universes best and brightest. Take care of your crew and promote them to reach their full potential. Only if they fit together well and are satisfied, you are able to get the optimum out of your space ship.* Elaborate Trading Simulation - Trade a bevy of goods, including some rare and illegal stuff, with fellow space merchants while exploring the solar systems. Explore the galaxy and pursue intergalactic trading over many solar systems - each with its own traits.* Lively Story & World - Meet unique characters while you embark on a campaign to unveil the secret of a container and the mysterious past of your board A.I. N1L. Or just roam freely through the galaxy in sandbox mode.* One-of-a-Kind Ships - Choose from a range of ship types, equip your vessel with upgradeable rooms and customize your ship's appearance for even more individuality.* Exciting Space Battles - Command demanding space clashes against enemy ships with crafty maneuvers and tactical actions during encounters. Directly attack or outsmart your enemies by using your hackers ability. Or pick the peaceful route and choose diplomacy.* Cross-Platform Play - Cosmonautica supports cross-platform save games, which will allow you to play the same game on PC and take it on the go with your tablet or other suited devices.Imprint: http://cosmonautica.com/imprint.html Cast off! Are you ready for some hilarious adventures in outer space?Start by boarding a washed-up space cruiser and fulfill your destiny as an aspiring captain on the hunt for fame and fortune. Cosmonautica combines elements of space trading and crew simulation to create a unique experience. Only if you take good care of your crew you will be able to succeed.Do you have what it takes to become the best trader, smuggler, pirate or even space taxi? Its your choice!Features:* Simulated Galaxy - Cosmonautica offers a detailed and amusing trading simulation gameplay that challenges you among others with pirate attacks, diverse quests and unique crew members. Explore a dynamic and procedurally generated galaxy. Every game is different!* Crew Management - Sign up to eight exceptional and lovable crew members to create a ragtag team of the universes best and brightest. Take care of your crew and promote them to reach their full potential. Only if they fit together well and are satisfied, you are able to get the optimum out of your space ship.* Elaborate Trading Simulation - Trade a bevy of goods, including some rare and illegal stuff, with fellow space merchants while exploring the solar systems. Explore the galaxy and pursue intergalactic trading over many solar systems - each with its own traits.* Lively Story & World - Meet unique characters while you embark on a campaign to unveil the secret of a container and the mysterious past of your board A.I. N1L. Or just roam freely through the galaxy in sandbox mode.* One-of-a-Kind Ships - Choose from a range of ship types, equip your vessel with upgradeable rooms and customize your ship's appearance for even more individuality.* Exciting Space Battles - Command demanding space clashes against enemy ships with crafty maneuvers and tactical actions during encounters. Directly attack or outsmart your enemies by using your hackers ability. Or pick the peaceful route and choose diplomacy.* Cross-Platform Play - Cosmonautica supports cross-platform save games, which will allow you to play the same game on PC and take it on the go with your tablet or other suited devices.Imprint: http://cosmonautica.com/imprint.html Start by boarding a washed-up space cruiser and fulfill your destiny as an aspiring captain on the hunt for fame and fortune. Cosmonautica combines elements of space trading and crew simulation to create a unique experience. Only if you take good care of your crew you will be able to succeed.Do you have what it takes to become the best trader, smuggler, pirate or even space taxi? Its your choice!Features:* Simulated Galaxy - Cosmonautica offers a detailed and amusing trading simulation gameplay that challenges you among others with pirate attacks, diverse quests and unique crew members. Explore a dynamic and procedurally generated galaxy. Every game is different!* Crew Management - Sign up to eight exceptional and lovable crew members to create a ragtag team of the universes best and brightest. Take care of your crew and promote them to reach their full potential. Only if they fit together well and are satisfied, you are able to get the optimum out of your space ship.* Elaborate Trading Simulation - Trade a bevy of goods, including some rare and illegal stuff, with fellow space merchants while exploring the solar systems. Explore the galaxy and pursue intergalactic trading over many solar systems - each with its own traits.* Lively Story & World - Meet unique characters while you embark on a campaign to unveil the secret of a container and the mysterious past of your board A.I. N1L. Or just roam freely through the galaxy in sandbox mode.* One-of-a-Kind Ships - Choose from a range of ship types, equip your vessel with upgradeable rooms and customize your ship's appearance for even more individuality.* Exciting Space Battles - Command demanding space clashes against enemy ships with crafty maneuvers and tactical actions during encounters. Directly attack or outsmart your enemies by using your hackers ability. Or pick the peaceful route and choose diplomacy.* Cross-Platform Play - Cosmonautica supports cross-platform save games, which will allow you to play the same game on PC and take it on the go with your tablet or other suited devices.Imprint: http://cosmonautica.com/imprint.html Do you have what it takes to become the best trader, smuggler, pirate or even space taxi? Its your choice!Features:* Simulated Galaxy - Cosmonautica offers a detailed and amusing trading simulation gameplay that challenges you among others with pirate attacks, diverse quests and unique crew members. Explore a dynamic and procedurally generated galaxy. Every game is different!* Crew Management - Sign up to eight exceptional and lovable crew members to create a ragtag team of the universes best and brightest. Take care of your crew and promote them to reach their full potential. Only if they fit together well and are satisfied, you are able to get the optimum out of your space ship.* Elaborate Trading Simulation - Trade a bevy of goods, including some rare and illegal stuff, with fellow space merchants while exploring the solar systems. Explore the galaxy and pursue intergalactic trading over many solar systems - each with its own traits.* Lively Story & World - Meet unique characters while you embark on a campaign to unveil the secret of a container and the mysterious past of your board A.I. N1L. Or just roam freely through the galaxy in sandbox mode.* One-of-a-Kind Ships - Choose from a range of ship types, equip your vessel with upgradeable rooms and customize your ship's appearance for even more individuality.* Exciting Space Battles - Command demanding space clashes against enemy ships with crafty maneuvers and tactical actions during encounters. Directly attack or outsmart your enemies by using your hackers ability. Or pick the peaceful route and choose diplomacy.* Cross-Platform Play - Cosmonautica supports cross-platform save games, which will allow you to play the same game on PC and take it on the go with your tablet or other suited devices.Imprint: http://cosmonautica.com/imprint.html Features:* Simulated Galaxy - Cosmonautica offers a detailed and amusing trading simulation gameplay that challenges you among others with pirate attacks, diverse quests and unique crew members. Explore a dynamic and procedurally generated galaxy. Every game is different!* Crew Management - Sign up to eight exceptional and lovable crew members to create a ragtag team of the universes best and brightest. Take care of your crew and promote them to reach their full potential. Only if they fit together well and are satisfied, you are able to get the optimum out of your space ship.* Elaborate Trading Simulation - Trade a bevy of goods, including some rare and illegal stuff, with fellow space merchants while exploring the solar systems. Explore the galaxy and pursue intergalactic trading over many solar systems - each with its own traits.* Lively Story & World - Meet unique characters while you embark on a campaign to unveil the secret of a container and the mysterious past of your board A.I. N1L. Or just roam freely through the galaxy in sandbox mode.* One-of-a-Kind Ships - Choose from a range of ship types, equip your vessel with upgradeable rooms and customize your ship's appearance for even more individuality.* Exciting Space Battles - Command demanding space clashes against enemy ships with crafty maneuvers and tactical actions during encounters. Directly attack or outsmart your enemies by using your hackers ability. Or pick the peaceful route and choose diplomacy.* Cross-Platform Play - Cosmonautica supports cross-platform save games, which will allow you to play the same game on PC and take it on the go with your tablet or other suited devices.Imprint: http://cosmonautica.com/imprint.html * Simulated Galaxy - Cosmonautica offers a detailed and amusing trading simulation gameplay that challenges you among others with pirate attacks, diverse quests and unique crew members. Explore a dynamic and procedurally generated galaxy. Every game is different!* Crew Management - Sign up to eight exceptional and lovable crew members to create a ragtag team of the universes best and brightest. Take care of your crew and promote them to reach their full potential. Only if they fit together well and are satisfied, you are able to get the optimum out of your space ship.* Elaborate Trading Simulation - Trade a bevy of goods, including some rare and illegal stuff, with fellow space merchants while exploring the solar systems. Explore the galaxy and pursue intergalactic trading over many solar systems - each with its own traits.* Lively Story & World - Meet unique characters while you embark on a campaign to unveil the secret of a container and the mysterious past of your board A.I. N1L. Or just roam freely through the galaxy in sandbox mode.* One-of-a-Kind Ships - Choose from a range of ship types, equip your vessel with upgradeable rooms and customize your ship's appearance for even more individuality.* Exciting Space Battles - Command demanding space clashes against enemy ships with crafty maneuvers and tactical actions during encounters. Directly attack or outsmart your enemies by using your hackers ability. Or pick the peaceful route and choose diplomacy.* Cross-Platform Play - Cosmonautica supports cross-platform save games, which will allow you to play the same game on PC and take it on the go with your tablet or other suited devices.Imprint: http://cosmonautica.com/imprint.html * Crew Management - Sign up to eight exceptional and lovable crew members to create a ragtag team of the universes best and brightest. Take care of your crew and promote them to reach their full potential. Only if they fit together well and are satisfied, you are able to get the optimum out of your space ship.* Elaborate Trading Simulation - Trade a bevy of goods, including some rare and illegal stuff, with fellow space merchants while exploring the solar systems. Explore the galaxy and pursue intergalactic trading over many solar systems - each with its own traits.* Lively Story & World - Meet unique characters while you embark on a campaign to unveil the secret of a container and the mysterious past of your board A.I. N1L. Or just roam freely through the galaxy in sandbox mode.* One-of-a-Kind Ships - Choose from a range of ship types, equip your vessel with upgradeable rooms and customize your ship's appearance for even more individuality.* Exciting Space Battles - Command demanding space clashes against enemy ships with crafty maneuvers and tactical actions during encounters. Directly attack or outsmart your enemies by using your hackers ability. Or pick the peaceful route and choose diplomacy.* Cross-Platform Play - Cosmonautica supports cross-platform save games, which will allow you to play the same game on PC and take it on the go with your tablet or other suited devices.Imprint: http://cosmonautica.com/imprint.html * Elaborate Trading Simulation - Trade a bevy of goods, including some rare and illegal stuff, with fellow space merchants while exploring the solar systems. Explore the galaxy and pursue intergalactic trading over many solar systems - each with its own traits.* Lively Story & World - Meet unique characters while you embark on a campaign to unveil the secret of a container and the mysterious past of your board A.I. N1L. Or just roam freely through the galaxy in sandbox mode.* One-of-a-Kind Ships - Choose from a range of ship types, equip your vessel with upgradeable rooms and customize your ship's appearance for even more individuality.* Exciting Space Battles - Command demanding space clashes against enemy ships with crafty maneuvers and tactical actions during encounters. Directly attack or outsmart your enemies by using your hackers ability. Or pick the peaceful route and choose diplomacy.* Cross-Platform Play - Cosmonautica supports cross-platform save games, which will allow you to play the same game on PC and take it on the go with your tablet or other suited devices.Imprint: http://cosmonautica.com/imprint.html * Lively Story & World - Meet unique characters while you embark on a campaign to unveil the secret of a container and the mysterious past of your board A.I. N1L. Or just roam freely through the galaxy in sandbox mode.* One-of-a-Kind Ships - Choose from a range of ship types, equip your vessel with upgradeable rooms and customize your ship's appearance for even more individuality.* Exciting Space Battles - Command demanding space clashes against enemy ships with crafty maneuvers and tactical actions during encounters. Directly attack or outsmart your enemies by using your hackers ability. Or pick the peaceful route and choose diplomacy.* Cross-Platform Play - Cosmonautica supports cross-platform save games, which will allow you to play the same game on PC and take it on the go with your tablet or other suited devices.Imprint: http://cosmonautica.com/imprint.html * One-of-a-Kind Ships - Choose from a range of ship types, equip your vessel with upgradeable rooms and customize your ship's appearance for even more individuality.* Exciting Space Battles - Command demanding space clashes against enemy ships with crafty maneuvers and tactical actions during encounters. Directly attack or outsmart your enemies by using your hackers ability. Or pick the peaceful route and choose diplomacy.* Cross-Platform Play - Cosmonautica supports cross-platform save games, which will allow you to play the same game on PC and take it on the go with your tablet or other suited devices.Imprint: http://cosmonautica.com/imprint.html * Exciting Space Battles - Command demanding space clashes against enemy ships with crafty maneuvers and tactical actions during encounters. Directly attack or outsmart your enemies by using your hackers ability. Or pick the peaceful route and choose diplomacy.* Cross-Platform Play - Cosmonautica supports cross-platform save games, which will allow you to play the same game on PC and take it on the go with your tablet or other suited devices.Imprint: http://cosmonautica.com/imprint.html * Cross-Platform Play - Cosmonautica supports cross-platform save games, which will allow you to play the same game on PC and take it on the go with your tablet or other suited devices.Imprint: http://cosmonautica.com/imprint.html Imprint: http://cosmonautica.com/imprint.html
Want to build a Criminal Empire and crush your rivals? Get ready to show everyone whos boss by fighting online rivals, buying weapons, and ruling the streets in this action-packed adventure RPG!*******************************************************FREE TO PLAY ACTION MMORPGJoin the mafia and complete job after job, no matter how odd or underhanded: Shake down and fight your neighbors, steal valuable loot, whack the competition, or start a mob turf war.BUILD A CRIMINAL EMPIRERecruit your friends to join an unbeatable syndicate and fight for territory in Empire City. Become a mafia kingpin, ruling the streets and shooting your way to the top.REAL TIME BATTLESBeat down other players in live, real-time fights. Go head to head versus players from all around the world and become an urban gangster.EPIC WEEKLY EVENTSFight your competition in epic weekly tournaments and defeat epic bosses for valuable rewards.AN EPIC SOCIAL RPG EXPERIENCELead your mob in urban warfare in a deep social experience and chat live with players from all over the globe.AN ARSENAL OF WEAPONSChoose from a hundreds of weapons including machine guns, RPGs, sniper rifles and shotguns.A HUGE GARAGE OF VEHICLESCollect cars ranging from city buses to european supercars to rule the streets of Empire City and smoke the competition.  *******************************************************Visit our forums at http://forums.gree.net/Visit our homepage at http://product.gree.netLike us on Facebook: http://facebook.com/crimecityCheck out our videos and game trailers on http://www.youtube.com/greegamesNOTE:- This is an ONLINE ONLY game. You must be connected to the Internet to play. *******************************************************FREE TO PLAY ACTION MMORPGJoin the mafia and complete job after job, no matter how odd or underhanded: Shake down and fight your neighbors, steal valuable loot, whack the competition, or start a mob turf war.BUILD A CRIMINAL EMPIRERecruit your friends to join an unbeatable syndicate and fight for territory in Empire City. Become a mafia kingpin, ruling the streets and shooting your way to the top.REAL TIME BATTLESBeat down other players in live, real-time fights. Go head to head versus players from all around the world and become an urban gangster.EPIC WEEKLY EVENTSFight your competition in epic weekly tournaments and defeat epic bosses for valuable rewards.AN EPIC SOCIAL RPG EXPERIENCELead your mob in urban warfare in a deep social experience and chat live with players from all over the globe.AN ARSENAL OF WEAPONSChoose from a hundreds of weapons including machine guns, RPGs, sniper rifles and shotguns.A HUGE GARAGE OF VEHICLESCollect cars ranging from city buses to european supercars to rule the streets of Empire City and smoke the competition.  *******************************************************Visit our forums at http://forums.gree.net/Visit our homepage at http://product.gree.netLike us on Facebook: http://facebook.com/crimecityCheck out our videos and game trailers on http://www.youtube.com/greegamesNOTE:- This is an ONLINE ONLY game. You must be connected to the Internet to play. FREE TO PLAY ACTION MMORPGJoin the mafia and complete job after job, no matter how odd or underhanded: Shake down and fight your neighbors, steal valuable loot, whack the competition, or start a mob turf war.BUILD A CRIMINAL EMPIRERecruit your friends to join an unbeatable syndicate and fight for territory in Empire City. Become a mafia kingpin, ruling the streets and shooting your way to the top.REAL TIME BATTLESBeat down other players in live, real-time fights. Go head to head versus players from all around the world and become an urban gangster.EPIC WEEKLY EVENTSFight your competition in epic weekly tournaments and defeat epic bosses for valuable rewards.AN EPIC SOCIAL RPG EXPERIENCELead your mob in urban warfare in a deep social experience and chat live with players from all over the globe.AN ARSENAL OF WEAPONSChoose from a hundreds of weapons including machine guns, RPGs, sniper rifles and shotguns.A HUGE GARAGE OF VEHICLESCollect cars ranging from city buses to european supercars to rule the streets of Empire City and smoke the competition.  *******************************************************Visit our forums at http://forums.gree.net/Visit our homepage at http://product.gree.netLike us on Facebook: http://facebook.com/crimecityCheck out our videos and game trailers on http://www.youtube.com/greegamesNOTE:- This is an ONLINE ONLY game. You must be connected to the Internet to play. BUILD A CRIMINAL EMPIRERecruit your friends to join an unbeatable syndicate and fight for territory in Empire City. Become a mafia kingpin, ruling the streets and shooting your way to the top.REAL TIME BATTLESBeat down other players in live, real-time fights. Go head to head versus players from all around the world and become an urban gangster.EPIC WEEKLY EVENTSFight your competition in epic weekly tournaments and defeat epic bosses for valuable rewards.AN EPIC SOCIAL RPG EXPERIENCELead your mob in urban warfare in a deep social experience and chat live with players from all over the globe.AN ARSENAL OF WEAPONSChoose from a hundreds of weapons including machine guns, RPGs, sniper rifles and shotguns.A HUGE GARAGE OF VEHICLESCollect cars ranging from city buses to european supercars to rule the streets of Empire City and smoke the competition.  *******************************************************Visit our forums at http://forums.gree.net/Visit our homepage at http://product.gree.netLike us on Facebook: http://facebook.com/crimecityCheck out our videos and game trailers on http://www.youtube.com/greegamesNOTE:- This is an ONLINE ONLY game. You must be connected to the Internet to play. REAL TIME BATTLESBeat down other players in live, real-time fights. Go head to head versus players from all around the world and become an urban gangster.EPIC WEEKLY EVENTSFight your competition in epic weekly tournaments and defeat epic bosses for valuable rewards.AN EPIC SOCIAL RPG EXPERIENCELead your mob in urban warfare in a deep social experience and chat live with players from all over the globe.AN ARSENAL OF WEAPONSChoose from a hundreds of weapons including machine guns, RPGs, sniper rifles and shotguns.A HUGE GARAGE OF VEHICLESCollect cars ranging from city buses to european supercars to rule the streets of Empire City and smoke the competition.  *******************************************************Visit our forums at http://forums.gree.net/Visit our homepage at http://product.gree.netLike us on Facebook: http://facebook.com/crimecityCheck out our videos and game trailers on http://www.youtube.com/greegamesNOTE:- This is an ONLINE ONLY game. You must be connected to the Internet to play. EPIC WEEKLY EVENTSFight your competition in epic weekly tournaments and defeat epic bosses for valuable rewards.AN EPIC SOCIAL RPG EXPERIENCELead your mob in urban warfare in a deep social experience and chat live with players from all over the globe.AN ARSENAL OF WEAPONSChoose from a hundreds of weapons including machine guns, RPGs, sniper rifles and shotguns.A HUGE GARAGE OF VEHICLESCollect cars ranging from city buses to european supercars to rule the streets of Empire City and smoke the competition.  *******************************************************Visit our forums at http://forums.gree.net/Visit our homepage at http://product.gree.netLike us on Facebook: http://facebook.com/crimecityCheck out our videos and game trailers on http://www.youtube.com/greegamesNOTE:- This is an ONLINE ONLY game. You must be connected to the Internet to play. AN EPIC SOCIAL RPG EXPERIENCELead your mob in urban warfare in a deep social experience and chat live with players from all over the globe.AN ARSENAL OF WEAPONSChoose from a hundreds of weapons including machine guns, RPGs, sniper rifles and shotguns.A HUGE GARAGE OF VEHICLESCollect cars ranging from city buses to european supercars to rule the streets of Empire City and smoke the competition.  *******************************************************Visit our forums at http://forums.gree.net/Visit our homepage at http://product.gree.netLike us on Facebook: http://facebook.com/crimecityCheck out our videos and game trailers on http://www.youtube.com/greegamesNOTE:- This is an ONLINE ONLY game. You must be connected to the Internet to play. AN ARSENAL OF WEAPONSChoose from a hundreds of weapons including machine guns, RPGs, sniper rifles and shotguns.A HUGE GARAGE OF VEHICLESCollect cars ranging from city buses to european supercars to rule the streets of Empire City and smoke the competition.  *******************************************************Visit our forums at http://forums.gree.net/Visit our homepage at http://product.gree.netLike us on Facebook: http://facebook.com/crimecityCheck out our videos and game trailers on http://www.youtube.com/greegamesNOTE:- This is an ONLINE ONLY game. You must be connected to the Internet to play. A HUGE GARAGE OF VEHICLESCollect cars ranging from city buses to european supercars to rule the streets of Empire City and smoke the competition.  *******************************************************Visit our forums at http://forums.gree.net/Visit our homepage at http://product.gree.netLike us on Facebook: http://facebook.com/crimecityCheck out our videos and game trailers on http://www.youtube.com/greegamesNOTE:- This is an ONLINE ONLY game. You must be connected to the Internet to play. *******************************************************Visit our forums at http://forums.gree.net/Visit our homepage at http://product.gree.netLike us on Facebook: http://facebook.com/crimecityCheck out our videos and game trailers on http://www.youtube.com/greegamesNOTE:- This is an ONLINE ONLY game. You must be connected to the Internet to play. Visit our forums at http://forums.gree.net/Visit our homepage at http://product.gree.netLike us on Facebook: http://facebook.com/crimecityCheck out our videos and game trailers on http://www.youtube.com/greegamesNOTE:- This is an ONLINE ONLY game. You must be connected to the Internet to play. NOTE:- This is an ONLINE ONLY game. You must be connected to the Internet to play.
These days law enforcement authorities became too strong against the mafia, gangsters and others dregs. So, what do we do, when we want solve our problems by big guns and feel breathing of the  danger from the back? Go to City Crime, where all gangster dreams become reality! There is all, beginning from guns and ending cool cars, helicopters and corrupted cops, which would not prevent you decide your problems as you want, but not as imposes the laws.Features of the game:- Nice graphics- Easy control of your hero- Cool music which adds the atmosphere- Ability to customize the game to any level of the device by setting the traffic of pedestrians and vehicles- Ability to acquire property and to enjoy itFor lovers of cars and their driving:- A huge selection of vehicles- Ability to buy cars- Of course, the bad guys can theft the vehicles for himself- Missions with races- Colorful shootout on the roadFor real lovers of blood:- A wide variety of weapons- The police certainly not intrusive, but if these guys are angry, they become real beasts. Test your strength in this unequal fight!-  Lots of different missions, which will let you to measure your power with scoundrels of every stripeDo you like an interesting story and the plot? Excellent!- Stunning storyline about a young gangster- Intricate plot- Many memorable characters- All this is sprinkled by dilution constant tense atmosphere of humorThe game's plot:You will plunge into the life of a young man, who has not achieved anything for his more than twenty years age. His former best friend took advantage of a friendship to open his own business, and then tossed, leaving with nothing. As always, such life bothers any man sooner or later and our hero is no exception. It's time to act, but he chose the way which is not peaceful. Having accumulated for a gun, he decides to take revenge to Frank. What will it lead to? How the main character will get out of this situation?- This is exactly that you will know. Go ahead, to a new life!
Survive in nuclear USSR: defeat diseases, hunger and enemies! Play Online also!- Hardcore survival:Hunger and radiation won't give you a chance to relax.- Realistic world:The turn of the seasons, huge map of USSR and more than 2500 different towns and cities.- A lot of opportunities:Hundreds of crafting schemes, a lot of ammunition.- People and stories:Interesting quests and helpful allies.- Improve your skills:Mechanics, medicine, chemistry and ,amy others.- Cooperative mode:The Online mode with a chat room, exchange of items and united fightings.War never changes. In 1985 USSR went down before an unbeknown enemy. In a few days the entire country became a radioactive wasteland - violence, hunger and diseases reign here now. When you no longer loose in the fight with the death, the other survivors wait for you in the cooperative - the Online mode let you survive together dealing with difficulties, talking in the chat room and sending gifts to each other. - Hardcore survival:Hunger and radiation won't give you a chance to relax.- Realistic world:The turn of the seasons, huge map of USSR and more than 2500 different towns and cities.- A lot of opportunities:Hundreds of crafting schemes, a lot of ammunition.- People and stories:Interesting quests and helpful allies.- Improve your skills:Mechanics, medicine, chemistry and ,amy others.- Cooperative mode:The Online mode with a chat room, exchange of items and united fightings.War never changes. In 1985 USSR went down before an unbeknown enemy. In a few days the entire country became a radioactive wasteland - violence, hunger and diseases reign here now. When you no longer loose in the fight with the death, the other survivors wait for you in the cooperative - the Online mode let you survive together dealing with difficulties, talking in the chat room and sending gifts to each other. - Realistic world:The turn of the seasons, huge map of USSR and more than 2500 different towns and cities.- A lot of opportunities:Hundreds of crafting schemes, a lot of ammunition.- People and stories:Interesting quests and helpful allies.- Improve your skills:Mechanics, medicine, chemistry and ,amy others.- Cooperative mode:The Online mode with a chat room, exchange of items and united fightings.War never changes. In 1985 USSR went down before an unbeknown enemy. In a few days the entire country became a radioactive wasteland - violence, hunger and diseases reign here now. When you no longer loose in the fight with the death, the other survivors wait for you in the cooperative - the Online mode let you survive together dealing with difficulties, talking in the chat room and sending gifts to each other. - A lot of opportunities:Hundreds of crafting schemes, a lot of ammunition.- People and stories:Interesting quests and helpful allies.- Improve your skills:Mechanics, medicine, chemistry and ,amy others.- Cooperative mode:The Online mode with a chat room, exchange of items and united fightings.War never changes. In 1985 USSR went down before an unbeknown enemy. In a few days the entire country became a radioactive wasteland - violence, hunger and diseases reign here now. When you no longer loose in the fight with the death, the other survivors wait for you in the cooperative - the Online mode let you survive together dealing with difficulties, talking in the chat room and sending gifts to each other. - People and stories:Interesting quests and helpful allies.- Improve your skills:Mechanics, medicine, chemistry and ,amy others.- Cooperative mode:The Online mode with a chat room, exchange of items and united fightings.War never changes. In 1985 USSR went down before an unbeknown enemy. In a few days the entire country became a radioactive wasteland - violence, hunger and diseases reign here now. When you no longer loose in the fight with the death, the other survivors wait for you in the cooperative - the Online mode let you survive together dealing with difficulties, talking in the chat room and sending gifts to each other. - Improve your skills:Mechanics, medicine, chemistry and ,amy others.- Cooperative mode:The Online mode with a chat room, exchange of items and united fightings.War never changes. In 1985 USSR went down before an unbeknown enemy. In a few days the entire country became a radioactive wasteland - violence, hunger and diseases reign here now. When you no longer loose in the fight with the death, the other survivors wait for you in the cooperative - the Online mode let you survive together dealing with difficulties, talking in the chat room and sending gifts to each other. - Cooperative mode:The Online mode with a chat room, exchange of items and united fightings.War never changes. In 1985 USSR went down before an unbeknown enemy. In a few days the entire country became a radioactive wasteland - violence, hunger and diseases reign here now. When you no longer loose in the fight with the death, the other survivors wait for you in the cooperative - the Online mode let you survive together dealing with difficulties, talking in the chat room and sending gifts to each other. War never changes. In 1985 USSR went down before an unbeknown enemy. In a few days the entire country became a radioactive wasteland - violence, hunger and diseases reign here now. When you no longer loose in the fight with the death, the other survivors wait for you in the cooperative - the Online mode let you survive together dealing with difficulties, talking in the chat room and sending gifts to each other.
Now you have found THE free library of interactive novels--35 titles with more on the way! Want to play a detective in a gritty noir novel? How about a teenager after a zombie apocalypse? A wizard in a medieval fantasy? And much more.In a Delight Games interactive novel, you play the part of the main character and make choices for survival, love, wealth, fame, and more. Can you make it to the end? Can you achieve a new high score and rank? Now, with the Delight Games Library you can get ALL the Delight Games novels in a single download, including complete series like Wizard's Choice and Zombie High.If you like interactive fiction or just want to try something different, this is the ultimate free download for you! There is nothing else like it on Google Play!Features not found in stand-alone interactive novels include: 35 interactive novels. Over 1 million words with TONS of decisions to make. Dozens of achievements, from challenging to playful.  Lots of checkpoints and the ability to go back on a choice. Stat booster for an extra dimension to strategic play. New books are automatically added to your library when you update. No more hunting for new books!Interactive novels included: 6 volumes of Wizard's Choice (medieval fantasy) 3 volumes of Rogue's Choice (medieval fantasy) 10 volumes of Zombie High (zombie apocalypse) 4 volumes of Detective's Choice (noir mystery) 5 volumes of Witch Saga (fantasy set in the 1930's) 2 volumes of Bionic Bikini (sci-fi humor) 1 volume of Pirates Never Die (pirate adventure) 1 volume of Deep Space Huntress (space opera) 1 volume of Monster Myths (reality show) 1 volume of Superhero's Choice (superhero adventure) 1 volume of Ghost Hunter: JJ Jones (children's adventure)We're passionate about making reading addictive! Help us make that happen. Download it now! In a Delight Games interactive novel, you play the part of the main character and make choices for survival, love, wealth, fame, and more. Can you make it to the end? Can you achieve a new high score and rank? Now, with the Delight Games Library you can get ALL the Delight Games novels in a single download, including complete series like Wizard's Choice and Zombie High.If you like interactive fiction or just want to try something different, this is the ultimate free download for you! There is nothing else like it on Google Play!Features not found in stand-alone interactive novels include: 35 interactive novels. Over 1 million words with TONS of decisions to make. Dozens of achievements, from challenging to playful.  Lots of checkpoints and the ability to go back on a choice. Stat booster for an extra dimension to strategic play. New books are automatically added to your library when you update. No more hunting for new books!Interactive novels included: 6 volumes of Wizard's Choice (medieval fantasy) 3 volumes of Rogue's Choice (medieval fantasy) 10 volumes of Zombie High (zombie apocalypse) 4 volumes of Detective's Choice (noir mystery) 5 volumes of Witch Saga (fantasy set in the 1930's) 2 volumes of Bionic Bikini (sci-fi humor) 1 volume of Pirates Never Die (pirate adventure) 1 volume of Deep Space Huntress (space opera) 1 volume of Monster Myths (reality show) 1 volume of Superhero's Choice (superhero adventure) 1 volume of Ghost Hunter: JJ Jones (children's adventure)We're passionate about making reading addictive! Help us make that happen. Download it now! If you like interactive fiction or just want to try something different, this is the ultimate free download for you! There is nothing else like it on Google Play!Features not found in stand-alone interactive novels include: 35 interactive novels. Over 1 million words with TONS of decisions to make. Dozens of achievements, from challenging to playful.  Lots of checkpoints and the ability to go back on a choice. Stat booster for an extra dimension to strategic play. New books are automatically added to your library when you update. No more hunting for new books!Interactive novels included: 6 volumes of Wizard's Choice (medieval fantasy) 3 volumes of Rogue's Choice (medieval fantasy) 10 volumes of Zombie High (zombie apocalypse) 4 volumes of Detective's Choice (noir mystery) 5 volumes of Witch Saga (fantasy set in the 1930's) 2 volumes of Bionic Bikini (sci-fi humor) 1 volume of Pirates Never Die (pirate adventure) 1 volume of Deep Space Huntress (space opera) 1 volume of Monster Myths (reality show) 1 volume of Superhero's Choice (superhero adventure) 1 volume of Ghost Hunter: JJ Jones (children's adventure)We're passionate about making reading addictive! Help us make that happen. Download it now! There is nothing else like it on Google Play!Features not found in stand-alone interactive novels include: 35 interactive novels. Over 1 million words with TONS of decisions to make. Dozens of achievements, from challenging to playful.  Lots of checkpoints and the ability to go back on a choice. Stat booster for an extra dimension to strategic play. New books are automatically added to your library when you update. No more hunting for new books!Interactive novels included: 6 volumes of Wizard's Choice (medieval fantasy) 3 volumes of Rogue's Choice (medieval fantasy) 10 volumes of Zombie High (zombie apocalypse) 4 volumes of Detective's Choice (noir mystery) 5 volumes of Witch Saga (fantasy set in the 1930's) 2 volumes of Bionic Bikini (sci-fi humor) 1 volume of Pirates Never Die (pirate adventure) 1 volume of Deep Space Huntress (space opera) 1 volume of Monster Myths (reality show) 1 volume of Superhero's Choice (superhero adventure) 1 volume of Ghost Hunter: JJ Jones (children's adventure)We're passionate about making reading addictive! Help us make that happen. Download it now! Features not found in stand-alone interactive novels include: 35 interactive novels. Over 1 million words with TONS of decisions to make. Dozens of achievements, from challenging to playful.  Lots of checkpoints and the ability to go back on a choice. Stat booster for an extra dimension to strategic play. New books are automatically added to your library when you update. No more hunting for new books!Interactive novels included: 6 volumes of Wizard's Choice (medieval fantasy) 3 volumes of Rogue's Choice (medieval fantasy) 10 volumes of Zombie High (zombie apocalypse) 4 volumes of Detective's Choice (noir mystery) 5 volumes of Witch Saga (fantasy set in the 1930's) 2 volumes of Bionic Bikini (sci-fi humor) 1 volume of Pirates Never Die (pirate adventure) 1 volume of Deep Space Huntress (space opera) 1 volume of Monster Myths (reality show) 1 volume of Superhero's Choice (superhero adventure) 1 volume of Ghost Hunter: JJ Jones (children's adventure)We're passionate about making reading addictive! Help us make that happen. Download it now! Interactive novels included: 6 volumes of Wizard's Choice (medieval fantasy) 3 volumes of Rogue's Choice (medieval fantasy) 10 volumes of Zombie High (zombie apocalypse) 4 volumes of Detective's Choice (noir mystery) 5 volumes of Witch Saga (fantasy set in the 1930's) 2 volumes of Bionic Bikini (sci-fi humor) 1 volume of Pirates Never Die (pirate adventure) 1 volume of Deep Space Huntress (space opera) 1 volume of Monster Myths (reality show) 1 volume of Superhero's Choice (superhero adventure) 1 volume of Ghost Hunter: JJ Jones (children's adventure)We're passionate about making reading addictive! Help us make that happen. Download it now! We're passionate about making reading addictive! Help us make that happen. Download it now!
Delver is a first person action roguelike dungeon crawl with crunchy pixels.Take the role of an adventurer that tries their fate in the dark dungeons (and probably dies horribly). Fight monsters, grab loot, horde potions, and level up!Quest for the Yithidian orb at the darkest depths of the dungeon and attempt to bring it back to the surface. Getting to it may be the easy part.Levels are randomly generated in each playthrough - you'll never know quite what's around the corner.Features:* Permadeath - once you're dead, you're dead* Randomized levels - never the same game twice* Loot hoarding* Chunky pixels!Development log: http://forums.tigsource.com/index.php?topic=24764.0Follow me on twitter: https://twitter.com/cuddigan----Recent Changes0.8.6* Holiday update! All new art and sound.0.8* New areas!0.7c / 0.7b* Fix for audio crash on some devices* Fix for door crash* Fix for ladder shadingRPG roguelike dungeon crawl Take the role of an adventurer that tries their fate in the dark dungeons (and probably dies horribly). Fight monsters, grab loot, horde potions, and level up!Quest for the Yithidian orb at the darkest depths of the dungeon and attempt to bring it back to the surface. Getting to it may be the easy part.Levels are randomly generated in each playthrough - you'll never know quite what's around the corner.Features:* Permadeath - once you're dead, you're dead* Randomized levels - never the same game twice* Loot hoarding* Chunky pixels!Development log: http://forums.tigsource.com/index.php?topic=24764.0Follow me on twitter: https://twitter.com/cuddigan----Recent Changes0.8.6* Holiday update! All new art and sound.0.8* New areas!0.7c / 0.7b* Fix for audio crash on some devices* Fix for door crash* Fix for ladder shadingRPG roguelike dungeon crawl Quest for the Yithidian orb at the darkest depths of the dungeon and attempt to bring it back to the surface. Getting to it may be the easy part.Levels are randomly generated in each playthrough - you'll never know quite what's around the corner.Features:* Permadeath - once you're dead, you're dead* Randomized levels - never the same game twice* Loot hoarding* Chunky pixels!Development log: http://forums.tigsource.com/index.php?topic=24764.0Follow me on twitter: https://twitter.com/cuddigan----Recent Changes0.8.6* Holiday update! All new art and sound.0.8* New areas!0.7c / 0.7b* Fix for audio crash on some devices* Fix for door crash* Fix for ladder shadingRPG roguelike dungeon crawl Levels are randomly generated in each playthrough - you'll never know quite what's around the corner.Features:* Permadeath - once you're dead, you're dead* Randomized levels - never the same game twice* Loot hoarding* Chunky pixels!Development log: http://forums.tigsource.com/index.php?topic=24764.0Follow me on twitter: https://twitter.com/cuddigan----Recent Changes0.8.6* Holiday update! All new art and sound.0.8* New areas!0.7c / 0.7b* Fix for audio crash on some devices* Fix for door crash* Fix for ladder shadingRPG roguelike dungeon crawl Features:* Permadeath - once you're dead, you're dead* Randomized levels - never the same game twice* Loot hoarding* Chunky pixels!Development log: http://forums.tigsource.com/index.php?topic=24764.0Follow me on twitter: https://twitter.com/cuddigan----Recent Changes0.8.6* Holiday update! All new art and sound.0.8* New areas!0.7c / 0.7b* Fix for audio crash on some devices* Fix for door crash* Fix for ladder shadingRPG roguelike dungeon crawl Development log: http://forums.tigsource.com/index.php?topic=24764.0Follow me on twitter: https://twitter.com/cuddigan----Recent Changes0.8.6* Holiday update! All new art and sound.0.8* New areas!0.7c / 0.7b* Fix for audio crash on some devices* Fix for door crash* Fix for ladder shadingRPG roguelike dungeon crawl ----Recent Changes0.8.6* Holiday update! All new art and sound.0.8* New areas!0.7c / 0.7b* Fix for audio crash on some devices* Fix for door crash* Fix for ladder shadingRPG roguelike dungeon crawl Recent Changes0.8.6* Holiday update! All new art and sound.0.8* New areas!0.7c / 0.7b* Fix for audio crash on some devices* Fix for door crash* Fix for ladder shadingRPG roguelike dungeon crawl 0.8.6* Holiday update! All new art and sound.0.8* New areas!0.7c / 0.7b* Fix for audio crash on some devices* Fix for door crash* Fix for ladder shadingRPG roguelike dungeon crawl 0.8* New areas!0.7c / 0.7b* Fix for audio crash on some devices* Fix for door crash* Fix for ladder shadingRPG roguelike dungeon crawl 0.7c / 0.7b* Fix for audio crash on some devices* Fix for door crash* Fix for ladder shadingRPG roguelike dungeon crawl RPG roguelike dungeon crawl
New Season! DEMI LOVATO: PATH TO FAME -- In Season 3: Confidently Me, you star in your very own tour! After winning a spot on Demis tour in Season 1 and touring through Asia as Demis opening act in Season 2, its time to embrace your true self and define your dream career. As Demi shares her advice on taking control of destiny, what choices will you make as you become a role model for aspiring stars?- JOIN DEMI in an interactive story where your choices determine who you meet, the friends you make, the people you date, and how you rise to the top of the charts!- DESIGN YOUR CHARACTER, picking your perfect hair, skin tone, eyes, nose, and more!- DRESS LIKE A STAR, customize your look, and create your style from hundreds of options!- FIND LOVE! Will you date famous, hot musicians or the friend-next-door? Who is your true love?- VISIT AMAZING CITIES where youll perform shows with Demi and earn dedicated fans- HANG OUT WITH DEMI, her band, manager, and friends!- EXPERIENCE DEMI'S MUSIC! Listen to her songs as the soundtrack to your story, and perform them on-stage alongside Demi herself!What will it take to achieve your dreams? With the help and support of Demi and her friends, discover your voice and define your musical career through the choices you make! Check out Demis Path to Fame today and create your story!Supports Tablets!TM & 2016 Paramount Pictures. All Rights Reserved.PLEASE NOTE: This app lets you purchase items within the game for real money. Please disable in-app purchases on your device if you do not want this feature to be accessible.Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-terms-of-service/. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-privacy-policy/. - JOIN DEMI in an interactive story where your choices determine who you meet, the friends you make, the people you date, and how you rise to the top of the charts!- DESIGN YOUR CHARACTER, picking your perfect hair, skin tone, eyes, nose, and more!- DRESS LIKE A STAR, customize your look, and create your style from hundreds of options!- FIND LOVE! Will you date famous, hot musicians or the friend-next-door? Who is your true love?- VISIT AMAZING CITIES where youll perform shows with Demi and earn dedicated fans- HANG OUT WITH DEMI, her band, manager, and friends!- EXPERIENCE DEMI'S MUSIC! Listen to her songs as the soundtrack to your story, and perform them on-stage alongside Demi herself!What will it take to achieve your dreams? With the help and support of Demi and her friends, discover your voice and define your musical career through the choices you make! Check out Demis Path to Fame today and create your story!Supports Tablets!TM & 2016 Paramount Pictures. All Rights Reserved.PLEASE NOTE: This app lets you purchase items within the game for real money. Please disable in-app purchases on your device if you do not want this feature to be accessible.Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-terms-of-service/. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-privacy-policy/. What will it take to achieve your dreams? With the help and support of Demi and her friends, discover your voice and define your musical career through the choices you make! Check out Demis Path to Fame today and create your story!Supports Tablets!TM & 2016 Paramount Pictures. All Rights Reserved.PLEASE NOTE: This app lets you purchase items within the game for real money. Please disable in-app purchases on your device if you do not want this feature to be accessible.Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-terms-of-service/. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-privacy-policy/. Supports Tablets!TM & 2016 Paramount Pictures. All Rights Reserved.PLEASE NOTE: This app lets you purchase items within the game for real money. Please disable in-app purchases on your device if you do not want this feature to be accessible.Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-terms-of-service/. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-privacy-policy/. TM & 2016 Paramount Pictures. All Rights Reserved.PLEASE NOTE: This app lets you purchase items within the game for real money. Please disable in-app purchases on your device if you do not want this feature to be accessible.Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-terms-of-service/. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-privacy-policy/. PLEASE NOTE: This app lets you purchase items within the game for real money. Please disable in-app purchases on your device if you do not want this feature to be accessible.Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-terms-of-service/. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-privacy-policy/. Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-terms-of-service/. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-privacy-policy/.
Deus Ex: The Fall is the start of a new journey in the award winning Deus Ex game series for Android phones and tablets. Set in 2027 the golden era for science, technology and human augmentation. Ben Saxon an augmented former British SAS Mercenary, is desperate for the truth behind a global conspiracy threatening his life.STORY DRIVEN ACTION-RPG Fight for survival in a global conspiracy Every action has a consequence The search for the truth spans from mafia hideouts in Moscow to the slums of Panama Hours of gameplay with multiple ways to play Visually stunning graphics, sound and music Intuitive touch screen controls High impact action and combat Immersive storyline Fully explorable, stunning environments A TRUE DEUS EX EXPERIENCE Play the way you want; full on action or stealth Social and hacking skills Original story set in the Deus Ex universe Unique visual design For more information on Deus Ex visit https://www.deusex.comFollow us on Twitter http://twitter.com/eidosmontreal or like us on Facebook http://www.facebook.com/DeusEx Check out our videos http://www.youtube.com/DeusExOfficial Join the Deus Ex community http://community.eidosmontreal.com/ for up to date info and news!**Android Runtime Environment (ART) is not currently supported by Deus Ex: The Fall and can cause stability issues HIGH DEFINITION GAMING** STORY DRIVEN ACTION-RPG Fight for survival in a global conspiracy Every action has a consequence The search for the truth spans from mafia hideouts in Moscow to the slums of Panama Hours of gameplay with multiple ways to play Visually stunning graphics, sound and music Intuitive touch screen controls High impact action and combat Immersive storyline Fully explorable, stunning environments A TRUE DEUS EX EXPERIENCE Play the way you want; full on action or stealth Social and hacking skills Original story set in the Deus Ex universe Unique visual design For more information on Deus Ex visit https://www.deusex.comFollow us on Twitter http://twitter.com/eidosmontreal or like us on Facebook http://www.facebook.com/DeusEx Check out our videos http://www.youtube.com/DeusExOfficial Join the Deus Ex community http://community.eidosmontreal.com/ for up to date info and news!**Android Runtime Environment (ART) is not currently supported by Deus Ex: The Fall and can cause stability issues HIGH DEFINITION GAMING** Visually stunning graphics, sound and music Intuitive touch screen controls High impact action and combat Immersive storyline Fully explorable, stunning environments A TRUE DEUS EX EXPERIENCE Play the way you want; full on action or stealth Social and hacking skills Original story set in the Deus Ex universe Unique visual design For more information on Deus Ex visit https://www.deusex.comFollow us on Twitter http://twitter.com/eidosmontreal or like us on Facebook http://www.facebook.com/DeusEx Check out our videos http://www.youtube.com/DeusExOfficial Join the Deus Ex community http://community.eidosmontreal.com/ for up to date info and news!**Android Runtime Environment (ART) is not currently supported by Deus Ex: The Fall and can cause stability issues HIGH DEFINITION GAMING** A TRUE DEUS EX EXPERIENCE Play the way you want; full on action or stealth Social and hacking skills Original story set in the Deus Ex universe Unique visual design For more information on Deus Ex visit https://www.deusex.comFollow us on Twitter http://twitter.com/eidosmontreal or like us on Facebook http://www.facebook.com/DeusEx Check out our videos http://www.youtube.com/DeusExOfficial Join the Deus Ex community http://community.eidosmontreal.com/ for up to date info and news!**Android Runtime Environment (ART) is not currently supported by Deus Ex: The Fall and can cause stability issues HIGH DEFINITION GAMING** For more information on Deus Ex visit https://www.deusex.comFollow us on Twitter http://twitter.com/eidosmontreal or like us on Facebook http://www.facebook.com/DeusEx Check out our videos http://www.youtube.com/DeusExOfficial Join the Deus Ex community http://community.eidosmontreal.com/ for up to date info and news!**Android Runtime Environment (ART) is not currently supported by Deus Ex: The Fall and can cause stability issues HIGH DEFINITION GAMING** Follow us on Twitter http://twitter.com/eidosmontreal or like us on Facebook http://www.facebook.com/DeusEx Check out our videos http://www.youtube.com/DeusExOfficial Join the Deus Ex community http://community.eidosmontreal.com/ for up to date info and news!**Android Runtime Environment (ART) is not currently supported by Deus Ex: The Fall and can cause stability issues HIGH DEFINITION GAMING** Check out our videos http://www.youtube.com/DeusExOfficial Join the Deus Ex community http://community.eidosmontreal.com/ for up to date info and news!**Android Runtime Environment (ART) is not currently supported by Deus Ex: The Fall and can cause stability issues HIGH DEFINITION GAMING** Join the Deus Ex community http://community.eidosmontreal.com/ for up to date info and news!**Android Runtime Environment (ART) is not currently supported by Deus Ex: The Fall and can cause stability issues HIGH DEFINITION GAMING** **Android Runtime Environment (ART) is not currently supported by Deus Ex: The Fall and can cause stability issues HIGH DEFINITION GAMING**
5/5     Gamesaku5/5     Android Tapp5/5     Gamezebo10/10 Android Rundown9/10   Appolicous Devil's Attorney is a turn-based strategy game set in the 80's where you play as Max McMann, a defense attorney that's high on charm but low on moral fiber. Your objective is to free all of your clients and use the money you earn to buy accessories and new furniture for your apartment; boosting your ego and unlocking new courtroom skills in the process. 58 challenging cases to complete 1 implausible storyline 3 neighborhoods to explore 9 devious prosecutors to outwit 3 difficulty settingsLike us on Facebook: facebook.com/devilsattorney Your objective is to free all of your clients and use the money you earn to buy accessories and new furniture for your apartment; boosting your ego and unlocking new courtroom skills in the process. 58 challenging cases to complete 1 implausible storyline 3 neighborhoods to explore 9 devious prosecutors to outwit 3 difficulty settingsLike us on Facebook: facebook.com/devilsattorney  58 challenging cases to complete 1 implausible storyline 3 neighborhoods to explore 9 devious prosecutors to outwit 3 difficulty settingsLike us on Facebook: facebook.com/devilsattorney Like us on Facebook: facebook.com/devilsattorney
Over 185 Million Players Worldwide!UNLEASH YOUR INNER GOD AND CREATE A UNIVERSEIn this addictive, ALL ages, puzzle game mix and match different combinations of fire, earth, wind and air to create an entire universe! As you create each element watch your world come alive as each element animates on your planet. The new Planet mode offers a new challenging way to create a universe of your dreams. Of course the universe was not created in a day. Youll have to work your up from a simple microorganism to create animals, tools, storms and even build armies before you have what it takes to build the universe! But beware, the power of creation may have unintended consequences, inventing the wheel might just trigger a zombie plague Dont worry, you are not alone on this cosmic journey! Every time you successfully create a new item youll be rewarded with the wit and wisdom of some of the greatest philosophers and comedians of all time. Unleash your inner god with Doodle God!NEW GAMEPLAY FEATURES Now available in 13 languages: English, Dutch, French, Spain, Italian, Russian, Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Portuguese, Swedish, Polish & German. NEW Visual Planet Mode allows players to see their planet come alive as you play. NEW Mission Mode offers new challenging puzzlesNew Artifacts Mode: Collect ancient artifacts like Stonehenge created by amazing triple reactions.  Mold fire, wind, earth and air to create the Universe. Create 300+ advanced items and concepts. Intuitive one-click game play encourages thoughtful, creative play  Hundreds of interesting, funny and thought-provoking quotes and sayings. New Puzzle mode. Create locomotives, sky scrappers and more New Quests mode. Can you save the Princess or escape a Desert Island? New reactions with existing elements and episodes. New achievements. New Elements encyclopedia with wikipedia links. Improved mini-games for arcade fans.CRITICS LOVE IT!>Apple REWIND AWARD>Wonderfully unique concept. Deeply satisfying!  GameZebo >Giving it huge thumbs up!" - TUAW>Its addictive. Insanely so! Lots of fun.  148Apps>Discovering each new element was an utter delight." - AppSafari>"You'll have to use your creativityruthlessly addictive." - Slide2Play>"I would recommend buying it, definitely worth it! - TouchGenFollow us to get early access to exclusive content, price drops and updates: LIKE: www.facebook.com/doodlegod FOLLOW: www.twitter.com/joybitsmobile UNLEASH YOUR INNER GOD AND CREATE A UNIVERSEIn this addictive, ALL ages, puzzle game mix and match different combinations of fire, earth, wind and air to create an entire universe! As you create each element watch your world come alive as each element animates on your planet. The new Planet mode offers a new challenging way to create a universe of your dreams. Of course the universe was not created in a day. Youll have to work your up from a simple microorganism to create animals, tools, storms and even build armies before you have what it takes to build the universe! But beware, the power of creation may have unintended consequences, inventing the wheel might just trigger a zombie plague Dont worry, you are not alone on this cosmic journey! Every time you successfully create a new item youll be rewarded with the wit and wisdom of some of the greatest philosophers and comedians of all time. Unleash your inner god with Doodle God!NEW GAMEPLAY FEATURES Now available in 13 languages: English, Dutch, French, Spain, Italian, Russian, Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Portuguese, Swedish, Polish & German. NEW Visual Planet Mode allows players to see their planet come alive as you play. NEW Mission Mode offers new challenging puzzlesNew Artifacts Mode: Collect ancient artifacts like Stonehenge created by amazing triple reactions.  Mold fire, wind, earth and air to create the Universe. Create 300+ advanced items and concepts. Intuitive one-click game play encourages thoughtful, creative play  Hundreds of interesting, funny and thought-provoking quotes and sayings. New Puzzle mode. Create locomotives, sky scrappers and more New Quests mode. Can you save the Princess or escape a Desert Island? New reactions with existing elements and episodes. New achievements. New Elements encyclopedia with wikipedia links. Improved mini-games for arcade fans.CRITICS LOVE IT!>Apple REWIND AWARD>Wonderfully unique concept. Deeply satisfying!  GameZebo >Giving it huge thumbs up!" - TUAW>Its addictive. Insanely so! Lots of fun.  148Apps>Discovering each new element was an utter delight." - AppSafari>"You'll have to use your creativityruthlessly addictive." - Slide2Play>"I would recommend buying it, definitely worth it! - TouchGenFollow us to get early access to exclusive content, price drops and updates: LIKE: www.facebook.com/doodlegod FOLLOW: www.twitter.com/joybitsmobile In this addictive, ALL ages, puzzle game mix and match different combinations of fire, earth, wind and air to create an entire universe! As you create each element watch your world come alive as each element animates on your planet. The new Planet mode offers a new challenging way to create a universe of your dreams. Of course the universe was not created in a day. Youll have to work your up from a simple microorganism to create animals, tools, storms and even build armies before you have what it takes to build the universe! But beware, the power of creation may have unintended consequences, inventing the wheel might just trigger a zombie plague Dont worry, you are not alone on this cosmic journey! Every time you successfully create a new item youll be rewarded with the wit and wisdom of some of the greatest philosophers and comedians of all time. Unleash your inner god with Doodle God!NEW GAMEPLAY FEATURES Now available in 13 languages: English, Dutch, French, Spain, Italian, Russian, Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Portuguese, Swedish, Polish & German. NEW Visual Planet Mode allows players to see their planet come alive as you play. NEW Mission Mode offers new challenging puzzlesNew Artifacts Mode: Collect ancient artifacts like Stonehenge created by amazing triple reactions.  Mold fire, wind, earth and air to create the Universe. Create 300+ advanced items and concepts. Intuitive one-click game play encourages thoughtful, creative play  Hundreds of interesting, funny and thought-provoking quotes and sayings. New Puzzle mode. Create locomotives, sky scrappers and more New Quests mode. Can you save the Princess or escape a Desert Island? New reactions with existing elements and episodes. New achievements. New Elements encyclopedia with wikipedia links. Improved mini-games for arcade fans.CRITICS LOVE IT!>Apple REWIND AWARD>Wonderfully unique concept. Deeply satisfying!  GameZebo >Giving it huge thumbs up!" - TUAW>Its addictive. Insanely so! Lots of fun.  148Apps>Discovering each new element was an utter delight." - AppSafari>"You'll have to use your creativityruthlessly addictive." - Slide2Play>"I would recommend buying it, definitely worth it! - TouchGenFollow us to get early access to exclusive content, price drops and updates: LIKE: www.facebook.com/doodlegod FOLLOW: www.twitter.com/joybitsmobile NEW GAMEPLAY FEATURES Now available in 13 languages: English, Dutch, French, Spain, Italian, Russian, Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Portuguese, Swedish, Polish & German. NEW Visual Planet Mode allows players to see their planet come alive as you play. NEW Mission Mode offers new challenging puzzlesNew Artifacts Mode: Collect ancient artifacts like Stonehenge created by amazing triple reactions.  Mold fire, wind, earth and air to create the Universe. Create 300+ advanced items and concepts. Intuitive one-click game play encourages thoughtful, creative play  Hundreds of interesting, funny and thought-provoking quotes and sayings. New Puzzle mode. Create locomotives, sky scrappers and more New Quests mode. Can you save the Princess or escape a Desert Island? New reactions with existing elements and episodes. New achievements. New Elements encyclopedia with wikipedia links. Improved mini-games for arcade fans.CRITICS LOVE IT!>Apple REWIND AWARD>Wonderfully unique concept. Deeply satisfying!  GameZebo >Giving it huge thumbs up!" - TUAW>Its addictive. Insanely so! Lots of fun.  148Apps>Discovering each new element was an utter delight." - AppSafari>"You'll have to use your creativityruthlessly addictive." - Slide2Play>"I would recommend buying it, definitely worth it! - TouchGenFollow us to get early access to exclusive content, price drops and updates: LIKE: www.facebook.com/doodlegod FOLLOW: www.twitter.com/joybitsmobile CRITICS LOVE IT!>Apple REWIND AWARD>Wonderfully unique concept. Deeply satisfying!  GameZebo >Giving it huge thumbs up!" - TUAW>Its addictive. Insanely so! Lots of fun.  148Apps>Discovering each new element was an utter delight." - AppSafari>"You'll have to use your creativityruthlessly addictive." - Slide2Play>"I would recommend buying it, definitely worth it! - TouchGenFollow us to get early access to exclusive content, price drops and updates: LIKE: www.facebook.com/doodlegod FOLLOW: www.twitter.com/joybitsmobile >Apple REWIND AWARD>Wonderfully unique concept. Deeply satisfying!  GameZebo >Giving it huge thumbs up!" - TUAW>Its addictive. Insanely so! Lots of fun.  148Apps>Discovering each new element was an utter delight." - AppSafari>"You'll have to use your creativityruthlessly addictive." - Slide2Play>"I would recommend buying it, definitely worth it! - TouchGenFollow us to get early access to exclusive content, price drops and updates: LIKE: www.facebook.com/doodlegod FOLLOW: www.twitter.com/joybitsmobile Follow us to get early access to exclusive content, price drops and updates: LIKE: www.facebook.com/doodlegod FOLLOW: www.twitter.com/joybitsmobile
Addictive text based mafia MMO RPG with GANG WARS, TURF WARS, BOSSES, MERCENARIES, HIT-LIST, CITIES, MISSIONS, FIGHTS, TOURNAMENTS and lots more. Join now and become biggest gangsta in town.(More than 1.5 Million downloads in Android)Our Players say: - - -  "Love is one awesome mafia game with the best bits of all."  "Addictive, fun and social. Love this game" "Soo lovely which makes me dream about a real gangster"Downtown Mafia - Live to Fight, Fight to Win!- - -Plot: A legend returns back to reclaim his old hood... and this time he is gonna take it all. You have Jane (your old flame), Marco (the weapons guy), Luke (he knows his business) and BIG JIM to help you take over the hood.Game Features- - - DTM is one of the most feature rich and diverse mafia RPG ever created. It offers players a unified gaming experience, whether you are on Android devices, iOS, Facebook, Chrome-Store or on your browser, this allows you to run your same pocket gang empire from anywhere. Be what you wanna be, HUSTLER, RUNNER or FIGHTER and build your criminal empire. Master gang MISSIONS (Jobs) in various cities around the world. Become a big time gangsta, FIGHT other mafiosos across other devices and platforms in real-time. HIT LIST your enemies for a sweet revenge. Gain experience in the gangstaz crime city and progress through UNLIMITED LEVELS. Recruit your mob members, BUY new WEAPONS, VEHICLES, ARMOURS and SPECIAL items to arm up your team. Earn unique crime REPUTATION (achievements) for reaching specific goals. Earn SKILL POINTS, upgrade your ENERGY, STAMINA and ATTACK/DEFENCE POWERs rule the Streetz and build your own crime story. Unlock new and exciting missions, powerful weapons and money minting businesses/properties at higher levels. Add your favorites to your CRIME FAMILY to keep them close. Defeat BOSSES at LEVEL 21 and collect them as your heroes / boss Mercs. RIVAL LIST keep tab on your enemies and claim back your honour.Game Features (GANGS)- - - Join powerful GANGS and rule the TURFS as a team. Chat with your GANG and equip powerful GANG ARSENALS Engage in GANG WARS and win exciting war rewards. Earn Gang's respect become the GANG BOSS... Or start your own GANG and recruit your members build a new team Capture other GANG TURFS and assign your own Operator to collect hourly payouts send to all your gang members. Capture other GANG OPERATIONS to collect payouts Join DEATH MATCHES to war 3 other GANGS simultaneously... winner takes all the rewards. Send and receive powerful GANG BACKUPS. Find matching gangs with HIT N RUN. Fight automated BOSS GANGS and win exciting rewards and new GANG ARSENALS. Use FREE HITS to revenge rivals who messed with your gang members.  Grow your GANG into Cartels. Take part in weekly TOURNAMENTS and win respect in the game for your gang and yourself.Account- - - Sync your account with Facebook, Google, Google Play Games login Custom Avatars with Gravatar In-game player profile & live comments. Live leader boards (Mob-level and Global) to see were you stand against the rest of the players.Other Supported Platforms:- - -Desktop Or Mobile Browser: https://play.dtmafia.mobiFacebook:  https://apps.facebook.com/play-dtmafiaiOS (iPhone/iPad): Search for "Downtown Mafia" in the AppstoreHelp and Support- - -Email: android@dtmafia.mobiHelpDesk: http://helpdesk.dtmafia.mobiOfficial Facebook Page: http://www.facebook.com/DTMafiaDeveloper: DYNAMICNEXT (http://www.dynamicnext.com) Join now and become biggest gangsta in town.(More than 1.5 Million downloads in Android)Our Players say: - - -  "Love is one awesome mafia game with the best bits of all."  "Addictive, fun and social. Love this game" "Soo lovely which makes me dream about a real gangster"Downtown Mafia - Live to Fight, Fight to Win!- - -Plot: A legend returns back to reclaim his old hood... and this time he is gonna take it all. You have Jane (your old flame), Marco (the weapons guy), Luke (he knows his business) and BIG JIM to help you take over the hood.Game Features- - - DTM is one of the most feature rich and diverse mafia RPG ever created. It offers players a unified gaming experience, whether you are on Android devices, iOS, Facebook, Chrome-Store or on your browser, this allows you to run your same pocket gang empire from anywhere. Be what you wanna be, HUSTLER, RUNNER or FIGHTER and build your criminal empire. Master gang MISSIONS (Jobs) in various cities around the world. Become a big time gangsta, FIGHT other mafiosos across other devices and platforms in real-time. HIT LIST your enemies for a sweet revenge. Gain experience in the gangstaz crime city and progress through UNLIMITED LEVELS. Recruit your mob members, BUY new WEAPONS, VEHICLES, ARMOURS and SPECIAL items to arm up your team. Earn unique crime REPUTATION (achievements) for reaching specific goals. Earn SKILL POINTS, upgrade your ENERGY, STAMINA and ATTACK/DEFENCE POWERs rule the Streetz and build your own crime story. Unlock new and exciting missions, powerful weapons and money minting businesses/properties at higher levels. Add your favorites to your CRIME FAMILY to keep them close. Defeat BOSSES at LEVEL 21 and collect them as your heroes / boss Mercs. RIVAL LIST keep tab on your enemies and claim back your honour.Game Features (GANGS)- - - Join powerful GANGS and rule the TURFS as a team. Chat with your GANG and equip powerful GANG ARSENALS Engage in GANG WARS and win exciting war rewards. Earn Gang's respect become the GANG BOSS... Or start your own GANG and recruit your members build a new team Capture other GANG TURFS and assign your own Operator to collect hourly payouts send to all your gang members. Capture other GANG OPERATIONS to collect payouts Join DEATH MATCHES to war 3 other GANGS simultaneously... winner takes all the rewards. Send and receive powerful GANG BACKUPS. Find matching gangs with HIT N RUN. Fight automated BOSS GANGS and win exciting rewards and new GANG ARSENALS. Use FREE HITS to revenge rivals who messed with your gang members.  Grow your GANG into Cartels. Take part in weekly TOURNAMENTS and win respect in the game for your gang and yourself.Account- - - Sync your account with Facebook, Google, Google Play Games login Custom Avatars with Gravatar In-game player profile & live comments. Live leader boards (Mob-level and Global) to see were you stand against the rest of the players.Other Supported Platforms:- - -Desktop Or Mobile Browser: https://play.dtmafia.mobiFacebook:  https://apps.facebook.com/play-dtmafiaiOS (iPhone/iPad): Search for "Downtown Mafia" in the AppstoreHelp and Support- - -Email: android@dtmafia.mobiHelpDesk: http://helpdesk.dtmafia.mobiOfficial Facebook Page: http://www.facebook.com/DTMafiaDeveloper: DYNAMICNEXT (http://www.dynamicnext.com) Our Players say: - - -  "Love is one awesome mafia game with the best bits of all."  "Addictive, fun and social. Love this game" "Soo lovely which makes me dream about a real gangster"Downtown Mafia - Live to Fight, Fight to Win!- - -Plot: A legend returns back to reclaim his old hood... and this time he is gonna take it all. You have Jane (your old flame), Marco (the weapons guy), Luke (he knows his business) and BIG JIM to help you take over the hood.Game Features- - - DTM is one of the most feature rich and diverse mafia RPG ever created. It offers players a unified gaming experience, whether you are on Android devices, iOS, Facebook, Chrome-Store or on your browser, this allows you to run your same pocket gang empire from anywhere. Be what you wanna be, HUSTLER, RUNNER or FIGHTER and build your criminal empire. Master gang MISSIONS (Jobs) in various cities around the world. Become a big time gangsta, FIGHT other mafiosos across other devices and platforms in real-time. HIT LIST your enemies for a sweet revenge. Gain experience in the gangstaz crime city and progress through UNLIMITED LEVELS. Recruit your mob members, BUY new WEAPONS, VEHICLES, ARMOURS and SPECIAL items to arm up your team. Earn unique crime REPUTATION (achievements) for reaching specific goals. Earn SKILL POINTS, upgrade your ENERGY, STAMINA and ATTACK/DEFENCE POWERs rule the Streetz and build your own crime story. Unlock new and exciting missions, powerful weapons and money minting businesses/properties at higher levels. Add your favorites to your CRIME FAMILY to keep them close. Defeat BOSSES at LEVEL 21 and collect them as your heroes / boss Mercs. RIVAL LIST keep tab on your enemies and claim back your honour.Game Features (GANGS)- - - Join powerful GANGS and rule the TURFS as a team. Chat with your GANG and equip powerful GANG ARSENALS Engage in GANG WARS and win exciting war rewards. Earn Gang's respect become the GANG BOSS... Or start your own GANG and recruit your members build a new team Capture other GANG TURFS and assign your own Operator to collect hourly payouts send to all your gang members. Capture other GANG OPERATIONS to collect payouts Join DEATH MATCHES to war 3 other GANGS simultaneously... winner takes all the rewards. Send and receive powerful GANG BACKUPS. Find matching gangs with HIT N RUN. Fight automated BOSS GANGS and win exciting rewards and new GANG ARSENALS. Use FREE HITS to revenge rivals who messed with your gang members.  Grow your GANG into Cartels. Take part in weekly TOURNAMENTS and win respect in the game for your gang and yourself.Account- - - Sync your account with Facebook, Google, Google Play Games login Custom Avatars with Gravatar In-game player profile & live comments. Live leader boards (Mob-level and Global) to see were you stand against the rest of the players.Other Supported Platforms:- - -Desktop Or Mobile Browser: https://play.dtmafia.mobiFacebook:  https://apps.facebook.com/play-dtmafiaiOS (iPhone/iPad): Search for "Downtown Mafia" in the AppstoreHelp and Support- - -Email: android@dtmafia.mobiHelpDesk: http://helpdesk.dtmafia.mobiOfficial Facebook Page: http://www.facebook.com/DTMafiaDeveloper: DYNAMICNEXT (http://www.dynamicnext.com) Downtown Mafia - Live to Fight, Fight to Win!- - -Plot: A legend returns back to reclaim his old hood... and this time he is gonna take it all. You have Jane (your old flame), Marco (the weapons guy), Luke (he knows his business) and BIG JIM to help you take over the hood.Game Features- - - DTM is one of the most feature rich and diverse mafia RPG ever created. It offers players a unified gaming experience, whether you are on Android devices, iOS, Facebook, Chrome-Store or on your browser, this allows you to run your same pocket gang empire from anywhere. Be what you wanna be, HUSTLER, RUNNER or FIGHTER and build your criminal empire. Master gang MISSIONS (Jobs) in various cities around the world. Become a big time gangsta, FIGHT other mafiosos across other devices and platforms in real-time. HIT LIST your enemies for a sweet revenge. Gain experience in the gangstaz crime city and progress through UNLIMITED LEVELS. Recruit your mob members, BUY new WEAPONS, VEHICLES, ARMOURS and SPECIAL items to arm up your team. Earn unique crime REPUTATION (achievements) for reaching specific goals. Earn SKILL POINTS, upgrade your ENERGY, STAMINA and ATTACK/DEFENCE POWERs rule the Streetz and build your own crime story. Unlock new and exciting missions, powerful weapons and money minting businesses/properties at higher levels. Add your favorites to your CRIME FAMILY to keep them close. Defeat BOSSES at LEVEL 21 and collect them as your heroes / boss Mercs. RIVAL LIST keep tab on your enemies and claim back your honour.Game Features (GANGS)- - - Join powerful GANGS and rule the TURFS as a team. Chat with your GANG and equip powerful GANG ARSENALS Engage in GANG WARS and win exciting war rewards. Earn Gang's respect become the GANG BOSS... Or start your own GANG and recruit your members build a new team Capture other GANG TURFS and assign your own Operator to collect hourly payouts send to all your gang members. Capture other GANG OPERATIONS to collect payouts Join DEATH MATCHES to war 3 other GANGS simultaneously... winner takes all the rewards. Send and receive powerful GANG BACKUPS. Find matching gangs with HIT N RUN. Fight automated BOSS GANGS and win exciting rewards and new GANG ARSENALS. Use FREE HITS to revenge rivals who messed with your gang members.  Grow your GANG into Cartels. Take part in weekly TOURNAMENTS and win respect in the game for your gang and yourself.Account- - - Sync your account with Facebook, Google, Google Play Games login Custom Avatars with Gravatar In-game player profile & live comments. Live leader boards (Mob-level and Global) to see were you stand against the rest of the players.Other Supported Platforms:- - -Desktop Or Mobile Browser: https://play.dtmafia.mobiFacebook:  https://apps.facebook.com/play-dtmafiaiOS (iPhone/iPad): Search for "Downtown Mafia" in the AppstoreHelp and Support- - -Email: android@dtmafia.mobiHelpDesk: http://helpdesk.dtmafia.mobiOfficial Facebook Page: http://www.facebook.com/DTMafiaDeveloper: DYNAMICNEXT (http://www.dynamicnext.com) Game Features- - - DTM is one of the most feature rich and diverse mafia RPG ever created. It offers players a unified gaming experience, whether you are on Android devices, iOS, Facebook, Chrome-Store or on your browser, this allows you to run your same pocket gang empire from anywhere. Be what you wanna be, HUSTLER, RUNNER or FIGHTER and build your criminal empire. Master gang MISSIONS (Jobs) in various cities around the world. Become a big time gangsta, FIGHT other mafiosos across other devices and platforms in real-time. HIT LIST your enemies for a sweet revenge. Gain experience in the gangstaz crime city and progress through UNLIMITED LEVELS. Recruit your mob members, BUY new WEAPONS, VEHICLES, ARMOURS and SPECIAL items to arm up your team. Earn unique crime REPUTATION (achievements) for reaching specific goals. Earn SKILL POINTS, upgrade your ENERGY, STAMINA and ATTACK/DEFENCE POWERs rule the Streetz and build your own crime story. Unlock new and exciting missions, powerful weapons and money minting businesses/properties at higher levels. Add your favorites to your CRIME FAMILY to keep them close. Defeat BOSSES at LEVEL 21 and collect them as your heroes / boss Mercs. RIVAL LIST keep tab on your enemies and claim back your honour.Game Features (GANGS)- - - Join powerful GANGS and rule the TURFS as a team. Chat with your GANG and equip powerful GANG ARSENALS Engage in GANG WARS and win exciting war rewards. Earn Gang's respect become the GANG BOSS... Or start your own GANG and recruit your members build a new team Capture other GANG TURFS and assign your own Operator to collect hourly payouts send to all your gang members. Capture other GANG OPERATIONS to collect payouts Join DEATH MATCHES to war 3 other GANGS simultaneously... winner takes all the rewards. Send and receive powerful GANG BACKUPS. Find matching gangs with HIT N RUN. Fight automated BOSS GANGS and win exciting rewards and new GANG ARSENALS. Use FREE HITS to revenge rivals who messed with your gang members.  Grow your GANG into Cartels. Take part in weekly TOURNAMENTS and win respect in the game for your gang and yourself.Account- - - Sync your account with Facebook, Google, Google Play Games login Custom Avatars with Gravatar In-game player profile & live comments. Live leader boards (Mob-level and Global) to see were you stand against the rest of the players.Other Supported Platforms:- - -Desktop Or Mobile Browser: https://play.dtmafia.mobiFacebook:  https://apps.facebook.com/play-dtmafiaiOS (iPhone/iPad): Search for "Downtown Mafia" in the AppstoreHelp and Support- - -Email: android@dtmafia.mobiHelpDesk: http://helpdesk.dtmafia.mobiOfficial Facebook Page: http://www.facebook.com/DTMafiaDeveloper: DYNAMICNEXT (http://www.dynamicnext.com)  Be what you wanna be, HUSTLER, RUNNER or FIGHTER and build your criminal empire. Master gang MISSIONS (Jobs) in various cities around the world. Become a big time gangsta, FIGHT other mafiosos across other devices and platforms in real-time. HIT LIST your enemies for a sweet revenge. Gain experience in the gangstaz crime city and progress through UNLIMITED LEVELS. Recruit your mob members, BUY new WEAPONS, VEHICLES, ARMOURS and SPECIAL items to arm up your team. Earn unique crime REPUTATION (achievements) for reaching specific goals. Earn SKILL POINTS, upgrade your ENERGY, STAMINA and ATTACK/DEFENCE POWERs rule the Streetz and build your own crime story. Unlock new and exciting missions, powerful weapons and money minting businesses/properties at higher levels. Add your favorites to your CRIME FAMILY to keep them close. Defeat BOSSES at LEVEL 21 and collect them as your heroes / boss Mercs. RIVAL LIST keep tab on your enemies and claim back your honour.Game Features (GANGS)- - - Join powerful GANGS and rule the TURFS as a team. Chat with your GANG and equip powerful GANG ARSENALS Engage in GANG WARS and win exciting war rewards. Earn Gang's respect become the GANG BOSS... Or start your own GANG and recruit your members build a new team Capture other GANG TURFS and assign your own Operator to collect hourly payouts send to all your gang members. Capture other GANG OPERATIONS to collect payouts Join DEATH MATCHES to war 3 other GANGS simultaneously... winner takes all the rewards. Send and receive powerful GANG BACKUPS. Find matching gangs with HIT N RUN. Fight automated BOSS GANGS and win exciting rewards and new GANG ARSENALS. Use FREE HITS to revenge rivals who messed with your gang members.  Grow your GANG into Cartels. Take part in weekly TOURNAMENTS and win respect in the game for your gang and yourself.Account- - - Sync your account with Facebook, Google, Google Play Games login Custom Avatars with Gravatar In-game player profile & live comments. Live leader boards (Mob-level and Global) to see were you stand against the rest of the players.Other Supported Platforms:- - -Desktop Or Mobile Browser: https://play.dtmafia.mobiFacebook:  https://apps.facebook.com/play-dtmafiaiOS (iPhone/iPad): Search for "Downtown Mafia" in the AppstoreHelp and Support- - -Email: android@dtmafia.mobiHelpDesk: http://helpdesk.dtmafia.mobiOfficial Facebook Page: http://www.facebook.com/DTMafiaDeveloper: DYNAMICNEXT (http://www.dynamicnext.com) Game Features (GANGS)- - - Join powerful GANGS and rule the TURFS as a team. Chat with your GANG and equip powerful GANG ARSENALS Engage in GANG WARS and win exciting war rewards. Earn Gang's respect become the GANG BOSS... Or start your own GANG and recruit your members build a new team Capture other GANG TURFS and assign your own Operator to collect hourly payouts send to all your gang members. Capture other GANG OPERATIONS to collect payouts Join DEATH MATCHES to war 3 other GANGS simultaneously... winner takes all the rewards. Send and receive powerful GANG BACKUPS. Find matching gangs with HIT N RUN. Fight automated BOSS GANGS and win exciting rewards and new GANG ARSENALS. Use FREE HITS to revenge rivals who messed with your gang members.  Grow your GANG into Cartels. Take part in weekly TOURNAMENTS and win respect in the game for your gang and yourself.Account- - - Sync your account with Facebook, Google, Google Play Games login Custom Avatars with Gravatar In-game player profile & live comments. Live leader boards (Mob-level and Global) to see were you stand against the rest of the players.Other Supported Platforms:- - -Desktop Or Mobile Browser: https://play.dtmafia.mobiFacebook:  https://apps.facebook.com/play-dtmafiaiOS (iPhone/iPad): Search for "Downtown Mafia" in the AppstoreHelp and Support- - -Email: android@dtmafia.mobiHelpDesk: http://helpdesk.dtmafia.mobiOfficial Facebook Page: http://www.facebook.com/DTMafiaDeveloper: DYNAMICNEXT (http://www.dynamicnext.com) Account- - - Sync your account with Facebook, Google, Google Play Games login Custom Avatars with Gravatar In-game player profile & live comments. Live leader boards (Mob-level and Global) to see were you stand against the rest of the players.Other Supported Platforms:- - -Desktop Or Mobile Browser: https://play.dtmafia.mobiFacebook:  https://apps.facebook.com/play-dtmafiaiOS (iPhone/iPad): Search for "Downtown Mafia" in the AppstoreHelp and Support- - -Email: android@dtmafia.mobiHelpDesk: http://helpdesk.dtmafia.mobiOfficial Facebook Page: http://www.facebook.com/DTMafiaDeveloper: DYNAMICNEXT (http://www.dynamicnext.com) Other Supported Platforms:- - -Desktop Or Mobile Browser: https://play.dtmafia.mobiFacebook:  https://apps.facebook.com/play-dtmafiaiOS (iPhone/iPad): Search for "Downtown Mafia" in the AppstoreHelp and Support- - -Email: android@dtmafia.mobiHelpDesk: http://helpdesk.dtmafia.mobiOfficial Facebook Page: http://www.facebook.com/DTMafiaDeveloper: DYNAMICNEXT (http://www.dynamicnext.com) Help and Support- - -Email: android@dtmafia.mobiHelpDesk: http://helpdesk.dtmafia.mobiOfficial Facebook Page: http://www.facebook.com/DTMafiaDeveloper: DYNAMICNEXT (http://www.dynamicnext.com)
As mayor of Dream City: Metropolis, youll build a city of your dreams and explore a beautiful 3D world alongside a cast of colorful characters!CREATE YOUR OWN BUSTLING METROPOLIS- Grow your industries to become a world-class city builder!- Develop housing and watch happy citizens move in and raise families!- Construct civic buildings that provide services to help run your vast megalopolis!EXPLORE A HUGE 3D WORLD- Design a living, breathing, city building world!- Collect hundreds of unique businesses, houses, civic buildings, and landmarks!- Meet friendly characters like Rachel, your helpful Chief of Staff!BECOME THE MAYOR YOUR CITY NEEDS- Unlock dozens of new neighborhoods as your city grows!- Discover mysterious new landmarks as you build into the unknown!- Build bridges to expand your city toward new horizons!Play with friends for FREE as you collect buildings, win prizes, and unlock real-world landmarks to create the greatest city in the world! Nurture your promising township into a budding metropolis! DREAM CITY: METROPOLIS IS A CITY BUILDER FOR EVERYONE!*Dream City: Metropolis is an online game. Your device must have an active internet connection to play.*Please note that Dream City: Metropolis is free to play, but you can purchase in-app items with real money. If you do not want to use this feature, please set up password protection for purchases in the settings of your Google Play Store app.Follow Storm8www.storm8-studios.comfacebook.com/storm8-studiostwitter.com/storm8-studios CREATE YOUR OWN BUSTLING METROPOLIS- Grow your industries to become a world-class city builder!- Develop housing and watch happy citizens move in and raise families!- Construct civic buildings that provide services to help run your vast megalopolis!EXPLORE A HUGE 3D WORLD- Design a living, breathing, city building world!- Collect hundreds of unique businesses, houses, civic buildings, and landmarks!- Meet friendly characters like Rachel, your helpful Chief of Staff!BECOME THE MAYOR YOUR CITY NEEDS- Unlock dozens of new neighborhoods as your city grows!- Discover mysterious new landmarks as you build into the unknown!- Build bridges to expand your city toward new horizons!Play with friends for FREE as you collect buildings, win prizes, and unlock real-world landmarks to create the greatest city in the world! Nurture your promising township into a budding metropolis! DREAM CITY: METROPOLIS IS A CITY BUILDER FOR EVERYONE!*Dream City: Metropolis is an online game. Your device must have an active internet connection to play.*Please note that Dream City: Metropolis is free to play, but you can purchase in-app items with real money. If you do not want to use this feature, please set up password protection for purchases in the settings of your Google Play Store app.Follow Storm8www.storm8-studios.comfacebook.com/storm8-studiostwitter.com/storm8-studios EXPLORE A HUGE 3D WORLD- Design a living, breathing, city building world!- Collect hundreds of unique businesses, houses, civic buildings, and landmarks!- Meet friendly characters like Rachel, your helpful Chief of Staff!BECOME THE MAYOR YOUR CITY NEEDS- Unlock dozens of new neighborhoods as your city grows!- Discover mysterious new landmarks as you build into the unknown!- Build bridges to expand your city toward new horizons!Play with friends for FREE as you collect buildings, win prizes, and unlock real-world landmarks to create the greatest city in the world! Nurture your promising township into a budding metropolis! DREAM CITY: METROPOLIS IS A CITY BUILDER FOR EVERYONE!*Dream City: Metropolis is an online game. Your device must have an active internet connection to play.*Please note that Dream City: Metropolis is free to play, but you can purchase in-app items with real money. If you do not want to use this feature, please set up password protection for purchases in the settings of your Google Play Store app.Follow Storm8www.storm8-studios.comfacebook.com/storm8-studiostwitter.com/storm8-studios BECOME THE MAYOR YOUR CITY NEEDS- Unlock dozens of new neighborhoods as your city grows!- Discover mysterious new landmarks as you build into the unknown!- Build bridges to expand your city toward new horizons!Play with friends for FREE as you collect buildings, win prizes, and unlock real-world landmarks to create the greatest city in the world! Nurture your promising township into a budding metropolis! DREAM CITY: METROPOLIS IS A CITY BUILDER FOR EVERYONE!*Dream City: Metropolis is an online game. Your device must have an active internet connection to play.*Please note that Dream City: Metropolis is free to play, but you can purchase in-app items with real money. If you do not want to use this feature, please set up password protection for purchases in the settings of your Google Play Store app.Follow Storm8www.storm8-studios.comfacebook.com/storm8-studiostwitter.com/storm8-studios Play with friends for FREE as you collect buildings, win prizes, and unlock real-world landmarks to create the greatest city in the world! Nurture your promising township into a budding metropolis! DREAM CITY: METROPOLIS IS A CITY BUILDER FOR EVERYONE!*Dream City: Metropolis is an online game. Your device must have an active internet connection to play.*Please note that Dream City: Metropolis is free to play, but you can purchase in-app items with real money. If you do not want to use this feature, please set up password protection for purchases in the settings of your Google Play Store app.Follow Storm8www.storm8-studios.comfacebook.com/storm8-studiostwitter.com/storm8-studios DREAM CITY: METROPOLIS IS A CITY BUILDER FOR EVERYONE!*Dream City: Metropolis is an online game. Your device must have an active internet connection to play.*Please note that Dream City: Metropolis is free to play, but you can purchase in-app items with real money. If you do not want to use this feature, please set up password protection for purchases in the settings of your Google Play Store app.Follow Storm8www.storm8-studios.comfacebook.com/storm8-studiostwitter.com/storm8-studios *Dream City: Metropolis is an online game. Your device must have an active internet connection to play.*Please note that Dream City: Metropolis is free to play, but you can purchase in-app items with real money. If you do not want to use this feature, please set up password protection for purchases in the settings of your Google Play Store app.Follow Storm8www.storm8-studios.comfacebook.com/storm8-studiostwitter.com/storm8-studios *Please note that Dream City: Metropolis is free to play, but you can purchase in-app items with real money. If you do not want to use this feature, please set up password protection for purchases in the settings of your Google Play Store app.Follow Storm8www.storm8-studios.comfacebook.com/storm8-studiostwitter.com/storm8-studios Follow Storm8www.storm8-studios.comfacebook.com/storm8-studiostwitter.com/storm8-studios
GAME OF THE WEEK - G4TV.comTOUCH ARCADE - 4.5 out of 5148APPS.COM -  4.5 out of 5GAMEZEBO- 4.5 out of 5 BOARD GAME GEEK - 3 out of 4The tense excitement of Elder Sign is now available for Android! Elder Sign: Omens places you in control of up to four intrepid investigators, as they fight to keep all-powerful Ancient Ones from invading our world through a museums arcane exhibits! *Build a team of unique investigators* *Explore an ever-changing museum* *Face challenging arcane tasks* *Save the world from absolute destruction**Expand the horror with two exciting in-app purchases*Can you stand against the impending arrival of a malevolent Ancient One? While Elder Sign: Omens brilliantly conveys the spirit of the Elder Sign dice game, a few noteworthy differences were adopted to optimize the mobile play experience: -A limited number of available Ancient Ones streamlines the game play experience while offering adjustable levels of difficulty. Face Yig in normal mode, Azathoth or Tsathoggua in hard mode, or Cthulhu or Ithaqua in very hard mode (in-app purchases required to face Cthulhu and Ithaqua).-A number of subtle changes increase the peril of defending humanity. For example, the random negative effects drawn every midnight are more challenging, and the frequency of no effect results has been decreased. Monsters have likewise been altered to make them more difficult. -Finally, there are no Ally cards in Elder Sign: Omens, which further streamlines play while increasing the overall challenge. The tense excitement of Elder Sign is now available for Android! Elder Sign: Omens places you in control of up to four intrepid investigators, as they fight to keep all-powerful Ancient Ones from invading our world through a museums arcane exhibits! *Build a team of unique investigators* *Explore an ever-changing museum* *Face challenging arcane tasks* *Save the world from absolute destruction**Expand the horror with two exciting in-app purchases*Can you stand against the impending arrival of a malevolent Ancient One? While Elder Sign: Omens brilliantly conveys the spirit of the Elder Sign dice game, a few noteworthy differences were adopted to optimize the mobile play experience: -A limited number of available Ancient Ones streamlines the game play experience while offering adjustable levels of difficulty. Face Yig in normal mode, Azathoth or Tsathoggua in hard mode, or Cthulhu or Ithaqua in very hard mode (in-app purchases required to face Cthulhu and Ithaqua).-A number of subtle changes increase the peril of defending humanity. For example, the random negative effects drawn every midnight are more challenging, and the frequency of no effect results has been decreased. Monsters have likewise been altered to make them more difficult. -Finally, there are no Ally cards in Elder Sign: Omens, which further streamlines play while increasing the overall challenge. *Build a team of unique investigators* *Explore an ever-changing museum* *Face challenging arcane tasks* *Save the world from absolute destruction**Expand the horror with two exciting in-app purchases*Can you stand against the impending arrival of a malevolent Ancient One? While Elder Sign: Omens brilliantly conveys the spirit of the Elder Sign dice game, a few noteworthy differences were adopted to optimize the mobile play experience: -A limited number of available Ancient Ones streamlines the game play experience while offering adjustable levels of difficulty. Face Yig in normal mode, Azathoth or Tsathoggua in hard mode, or Cthulhu or Ithaqua in very hard mode (in-app purchases required to face Cthulhu and Ithaqua).-A number of subtle changes increase the peril of defending humanity. For example, the random negative effects drawn every midnight are more challenging, and the frequency of no effect results has been decreased. Monsters have likewise been altered to make them more difficult. -Finally, there are no Ally cards in Elder Sign: Omens, which further streamlines play while increasing the overall challenge. Can you stand against the impending arrival of a malevolent Ancient One? While Elder Sign: Omens brilliantly conveys the spirit of the Elder Sign dice game, a few noteworthy differences were adopted to optimize the mobile play experience: -A limited number of available Ancient Ones streamlines the game play experience while offering adjustable levels of difficulty. Face Yig in normal mode, Azathoth or Tsathoggua in hard mode, or Cthulhu or Ithaqua in very hard mode (in-app purchases required to face Cthulhu and Ithaqua).-A number of subtle changes increase the peril of defending humanity. For example, the random negative effects drawn every midnight are more challenging, and the frequency of no effect results has been decreased. Monsters have likewise been altered to make them more difficult. -Finally, there are no Ally cards in Elder Sign: Omens, which further streamlines play while increasing the overall challenge. While Elder Sign: Omens brilliantly conveys the spirit of the Elder Sign dice game, a few noteworthy differences were adopted to optimize the mobile play experience: -A limited number of available Ancient Ones streamlines the game play experience while offering adjustable levels of difficulty. Face Yig in normal mode, Azathoth or Tsathoggua in hard mode, or Cthulhu or Ithaqua in very hard mode (in-app purchases required to face Cthulhu and Ithaqua).-A number of subtle changes increase the peril of defending humanity. For example, the random negative effects drawn every midnight are more challenging, and the frequency of no effect results has been decreased. Monsters have likewise been altered to make them more difficult. -Finally, there are no Ally cards in Elder Sign: Omens, which further streamlines play while increasing the overall challenge. -A limited number of available Ancient Ones streamlines the game play experience while offering adjustable levels of difficulty. Face Yig in normal mode, Azathoth or Tsathoggua in hard mode, or Cthulhu or Ithaqua in very hard mode (in-app purchases required to face Cthulhu and Ithaqua).-A number of subtle changes increase the peril of defending humanity. For example, the random negative effects drawn every midnight are more challenging, and the frequency of no effect results has been decreased. Monsters have likewise been altered to make them more difficult. -Finally, there are no Ally cards in Elder Sign: Omens, which further streamlines play while increasing the overall challenge.
Welcome to Episode: your home for interactive, visual stories, where YOU choose your path!If you havent checked it out yet, start reading MEAN GIRLS: SENIOR YEAR! Step inside girl world, right where the Mean Girls movie left off, and navigate the drama and romance of Senior Year at North Shore High. As you battle Regina George, you will get to know characters from the Mean Girls movie like Cady, Janis, Damian, and of course the Plastics. You will also meet the guy of your dreams, but Regina won't let you get him that easily. What choices will you make Senior Year? And is Fetch finally going to happen? CREATE YOUR PERSONAL LOOK and choose your best outfits! FLIRT your way to the top and find love!  MAKE FRIENDS WITH MEAN GIRLS CHARACTERS and hang out with the coolest clique!  PARTY at prom with your hot date and meet new friends at the after-party!Explore our wide catalog of over 20,000 stories in your favorite genres, from romance to comedy to fantasy to adventure! INTERACTIVE STORIES: make choices that determine your success, friends, path to love, and popularity!  FIND ROMANCE by dating and fall in love! UNRAVEL mysteries and survive the dangers that lie ahead! DRESS your character and choose the style that will help you express yourself!OTHER FEATURED STORIESNew Season! DEMI LOVATO: PATH TO FAME  In Season 3: Confidently Me, you star in your very own tour! After winning a spot on Demis tour in Season 1 and touring the world as Demis opening act in Season 2, its time to embrace your true self and define your dream career. As Demi shares her advice on taking control of destiny, what choices will you make as you become a role model for aspiring stars? JOIN DEMI in an interactive story where your choices determine who you meet, the friends you make, the people you date and how you rise to the top of the charts! DESIGN YOUR CHARACTER! Pick your perfect hair, skin tone, eyes, nose, and more! DRESS LIKE A STAR! Create your style from hundreds of options! FIND LOVE! Will you date famous, hot musicians or the friend-next-door? How will you discover romance?  VISIT AMAZING CITIES where youll perform shows with Demi and earn dedicated fans! HANG OUT WITH DEMI, her band, manager, and friends! Hear their stories!  EXPERIENCE DEMI'S MUSIC! Listen to her songs as the soundtrack to your story and perform them on-stage alongside Demi herself!MY BROTHERS BEST FRIEND: Emily's new roommate is the most conceited and flirtatious guy in school. Can she get him out before he wins her heart? Will they fall in love against all odds? How will your choices decide their romance?TM & 2016 Paramount Pictures. All Rights Reserved.PLEASE NOTE: Episode lets you purchase items within the game for real money. Please disable in-app purchases on your device if you do not want this feature to be accessible.Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-terms-of-service/. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-privacy-policy/. If you havent checked it out yet, start reading MEAN GIRLS: SENIOR YEAR! Step inside girl world, right where the Mean Girls movie left off, and navigate the drama and romance of Senior Year at North Shore High. As you battle Regina George, you will get to know characters from the Mean Girls movie like Cady, Janis, Damian, and of course the Plastics. You will also meet the guy of your dreams, but Regina won't let you get him that easily. What choices will you make Senior Year? And is Fetch finally going to happen? CREATE YOUR PERSONAL LOOK and choose your best outfits! FLIRT your way to the top and find love!  MAKE FRIENDS WITH MEAN GIRLS CHARACTERS and hang out with the coolest clique!  PARTY at prom with your hot date and meet new friends at the after-party!Explore our wide catalog of over 20,000 stories in your favorite genres, from romance to comedy to fantasy to adventure! INTERACTIVE STORIES: make choices that determine your success, friends, path to love, and popularity!  FIND ROMANCE by dating and fall in love! UNRAVEL mysteries and survive the dangers that lie ahead! DRESS your character and choose the style that will help you express yourself!OTHER FEATURED STORIESNew Season! DEMI LOVATO: PATH TO FAME  In Season 3: Confidently Me, you star in your very own tour! After winning a spot on Demis tour in Season 1 and touring the world as Demis opening act in Season 2, its time to embrace your true self and define your dream career. As Demi shares her advice on taking control of destiny, what choices will you make as you become a role model for aspiring stars? JOIN DEMI in an interactive story where your choices determine who you meet, the friends you make, the people you date and how you rise to the top of the charts! DESIGN YOUR CHARACTER! Pick your perfect hair, skin tone, eyes, nose, and more! DRESS LIKE A STAR! Create your style from hundreds of options! FIND LOVE! Will you date famous, hot musicians or the friend-next-door? How will you discover romance?  VISIT AMAZING CITIES where youll perform shows with Demi and earn dedicated fans! HANG OUT WITH DEMI, her band, manager, and friends! Hear their stories!  EXPERIENCE DEMI'S MUSIC! Listen to her songs as the soundtrack to your story and perform them on-stage alongside Demi herself!MY BROTHERS BEST FRIEND: Emily's new roommate is the most conceited and flirtatious guy in school. Can she get him out before he wins her heart? Will they fall in love against all odds? How will your choices decide their romance?TM & 2016 Paramount Pictures. All Rights Reserved.PLEASE NOTE: Episode lets you purchase items within the game for real money. Please disable in-app purchases on your device if you do not want this feature to be accessible.Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-terms-of-service/. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-privacy-policy/.  CREATE YOUR PERSONAL LOOK and choose your best outfits! FLIRT your way to the top and find love!  MAKE FRIENDS WITH MEAN GIRLS CHARACTERS and hang out with the coolest clique!  PARTY at prom with your hot date and meet new friends at the after-party!Explore our wide catalog of over 20,000 stories in your favorite genres, from romance to comedy to fantasy to adventure! INTERACTIVE STORIES: make choices that determine your success, friends, path to love, and popularity!  FIND ROMANCE by dating and fall in love! UNRAVEL mysteries and survive the dangers that lie ahead! DRESS your character and choose the style that will help you express yourself!OTHER FEATURED STORIESNew Season! DEMI LOVATO: PATH TO FAME  In Season 3: Confidently Me, you star in your very own tour! After winning a spot on Demis tour in Season 1 and touring the world as Demis opening act in Season 2, its time to embrace your true self and define your dream career. As Demi shares her advice on taking control of destiny, what choices will you make as you become a role model for aspiring stars? JOIN DEMI in an interactive story where your choices determine who you meet, the friends you make, the people you date and how you rise to the top of the charts! DESIGN YOUR CHARACTER! Pick your perfect hair, skin tone, eyes, nose, and more! DRESS LIKE A STAR! Create your style from hundreds of options! FIND LOVE! Will you date famous, hot musicians or the friend-next-door? How will you discover romance?  VISIT AMAZING CITIES where youll perform shows with Demi and earn dedicated fans! HANG OUT WITH DEMI, her band, manager, and friends! Hear their stories!  EXPERIENCE DEMI'S MUSIC! Listen to her songs as the soundtrack to your story and perform them on-stage alongside Demi herself!MY BROTHERS BEST FRIEND: Emily's new roommate is the most conceited and flirtatious guy in school. Can she get him out before he wins her heart? Will they fall in love against all odds? How will your choices decide their romance?TM & 2016 Paramount Pictures. All Rights Reserved.PLEASE NOTE: Episode lets you purchase items within the game for real money. Please disable in-app purchases on your device if you do not want this feature to be accessible.Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-terms-of-service/. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-privacy-policy/. Explore our wide catalog of over 20,000 stories in your favorite genres, from romance to comedy to fantasy to adventure! INTERACTIVE STORIES: make choices that determine your success, friends, path to love, and popularity!  FIND ROMANCE by dating and fall in love! UNRAVEL mysteries and survive the dangers that lie ahead! DRESS your character and choose the style that will help you express yourself!OTHER FEATURED STORIESNew Season! DEMI LOVATO: PATH TO FAME  In Season 3: Confidently Me, you star in your very own tour! After winning a spot on Demis tour in Season 1 and touring the world as Demis opening act in Season 2, its time to embrace your true self and define your dream career. As Demi shares her advice on taking control of destiny, what choices will you make as you become a role model for aspiring stars? JOIN DEMI in an interactive story where your choices determine who you meet, the friends you make, the people you date and how you rise to the top of the charts! DESIGN YOUR CHARACTER! Pick your perfect hair, skin tone, eyes, nose, and more! DRESS LIKE A STAR! Create your style from hundreds of options! FIND LOVE! Will you date famous, hot musicians or the friend-next-door? How will you discover romance?  VISIT AMAZING CITIES where youll perform shows with Demi and earn dedicated fans! HANG OUT WITH DEMI, her band, manager, and friends! Hear their stories!  EXPERIENCE DEMI'S MUSIC! Listen to her songs as the soundtrack to your story and perform them on-stage alongside Demi herself!MY BROTHERS BEST FRIEND: Emily's new roommate is the most conceited and flirtatious guy in school. Can she get him out before he wins her heart? Will they fall in love against all odds? How will your choices decide their romance?TM & 2016 Paramount Pictures. All Rights Reserved.PLEASE NOTE: Episode lets you purchase items within the game for real money. Please disable in-app purchases on your device if you do not want this feature to be accessible.Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-terms-of-service/. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-privacy-policy/.  INTERACTIVE STORIES: make choices that determine your success, friends, path to love, and popularity!  FIND ROMANCE by dating and fall in love! UNRAVEL mysteries and survive the dangers that lie ahead! DRESS your character and choose the style that will help you express yourself!OTHER FEATURED STORIESNew Season! DEMI LOVATO: PATH TO FAME  In Season 3: Confidently Me, you star in your very own tour! After winning a spot on Demis tour in Season 1 and touring the world as Demis opening act in Season 2, its time to embrace your true self and define your dream career. As Demi shares her advice on taking control of destiny, what choices will you make as you become a role model for aspiring stars? JOIN DEMI in an interactive story where your choices determine who you meet, the friends you make, the people you date and how you rise to the top of the charts! DESIGN YOUR CHARACTER! Pick your perfect hair, skin tone, eyes, nose, and more! DRESS LIKE A STAR! Create your style from hundreds of options! FIND LOVE! Will you date famous, hot musicians or the friend-next-door? How will you discover romance?  VISIT AMAZING CITIES where youll perform shows with Demi and earn dedicated fans! HANG OUT WITH DEMI, her band, manager, and friends! Hear their stories!  EXPERIENCE DEMI'S MUSIC! Listen to her songs as the soundtrack to your story and perform them on-stage alongside Demi herself!MY BROTHERS BEST FRIEND: Emily's new roommate is the most conceited and flirtatious guy in school. Can she get him out before he wins her heart? Will they fall in love against all odds? How will your choices decide their romance?TM & 2016 Paramount Pictures. All Rights Reserved.PLEASE NOTE: Episode lets you purchase items within the game for real money. Please disable in-app purchases on your device if you do not want this feature to be accessible.Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-terms-of-service/. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-privacy-policy/. OTHER FEATURED STORIESNew Season! DEMI LOVATO: PATH TO FAME  In Season 3: Confidently Me, you star in your very own tour! After winning a spot on Demis tour in Season 1 and touring the world as Demis opening act in Season 2, its time to embrace your true self and define your dream career. As Demi shares her advice on taking control of destiny, what choices will you make as you become a role model for aspiring stars? JOIN DEMI in an interactive story where your choices determine who you meet, the friends you make, the people you date and how you rise to the top of the charts! DESIGN YOUR CHARACTER! Pick your perfect hair, skin tone, eyes, nose, and more! DRESS LIKE A STAR! Create your style from hundreds of options! FIND LOVE! Will you date famous, hot musicians or the friend-next-door? How will you discover romance?  VISIT AMAZING CITIES where youll perform shows with Demi and earn dedicated fans! HANG OUT WITH DEMI, her band, manager, and friends! Hear their stories!  EXPERIENCE DEMI'S MUSIC! Listen to her songs as the soundtrack to your story and perform them on-stage alongside Demi herself!MY BROTHERS BEST FRIEND: Emily's new roommate is the most conceited and flirtatious guy in school. Can she get him out before he wins her heart? Will they fall in love against all odds? How will your choices decide their romance?TM & 2016 Paramount Pictures. All Rights Reserved.PLEASE NOTE: Episode lets you purchase items within the game for real money. Please disable in-app purchases on your device if you do not want this feature to be accessible.Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-terms-of-service/. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-privacy-policy/. New Season! DEMI LOVATO: PATH TO FAME  In Season 3: Confidently Me, you star in your very own tour! After winning a spot on Demis tour in Season 1 and touring the world as Demis opening act in Season 2, its time to embrace your true self and define your dream career. As Demi shares her advice on taking control of destiny, what choices will you make as you become a role model for aspiring stars? JOIN DEMI in an interactive story where your choices determine who you meet, the friends you make, the people you date and how you rise to the top of the charts! DESIGN YOUR CHARACTER! Pick your perfect hair, skin tone, eyes, nose, and more! DRESS LIKE A STAR! Create your style from hundreds of options! FIND LOVE! Will you date famous, hot musicians or the friend-next-door? How will you discover romance?  VISIT AMAZING CITIES where youll perform shows with Demi and earn dedicated fans! HANG OUT WITH DEMI, her band, manager, and friends! Hear their stories!  EXPERIENCE DEMI'S MUSIC! Listen to her songs as the soundtrack to your story and perform them on-stage alongside Demi herself!MY BROTHERS BEST FRIEND: Emily's new roommate is the most conceited and flirtatious guy in school. Can she get him out before he wins her heart? Will they fall in love against all odds? How will your choices decide their romance?TM & 2016 Paramount Pictures. All Rights Reserved.PLEASE NOTE: Episode lets you purchase items within the game for real money. Please disable in-app purchases on your device if you do not want this feature to be accessible.Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-terms-of-service/. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-privacy-policy/.  JOIN DEMI in an interactive story where your choices determine who you meet, the friends you make, the people you date and how you rise to the top of the charts! DESIGN YOUR CHARACTER! Pick your perfect hair, skin tone, eyes, nose, and more! DRESS LIKE A STAR! Create your style from hundreds of options! FIND LOVE! Will you date famous, hot musicians or the friend-next-door? How will you discover romance?  VISIT AMAZING CITIES where youll perform shows with Demi and earn dedicated fans! HANG OUT WITH DEMI, her band, manager, and friends! Hear their stories!  EXPERIENCE DEMI'S MUSIC! Listen to her songs as the soundtrack to your story and perform them on-stage alongside Demi herself!MY BROTHERS BEST FRIEND: Emily's new roommate is the most conceited and flirtatious guy in school. Can she get him out before he wins her heart? Will they fall in love against all odds? How will your choices decide their romance?TM & 2016 Paramount Pictures. All Rights Reserved.PLEASE NOTE: Episode lets you purchase items within the game for real money. Please disable in-app purchases on your device if you do not want this feature to be accessible.Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-terms-of-service/. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-privacy-policy/. MY BROTHERS BEST FRIEND: Emily's new roommate is the most conceited and flirtatious guy in school. Can she get him out before he wins her heart? Will they fall in love against all odds? How will your choices decide their romance?TM & 2016 Paramount Pictures. All Rights Reserved.PLEASE NOTE: Episode lets you purchase items within the game for real money. Please disable in-app purchases on your device if you do not want this feature to be accessible.Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-terms-of-service/. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-privacy-policy/. TM & 2016 Paramount Pictures. All Rights Reserved.PLEASE NOTE: Episode lets you purchase items within the game for real money. Please disable in-app purchases on your device if you do not want this feature to be accessible.Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-terms-of-service/. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-privacy-policy/. PLEASE NOTE: Episode lets you purchase items within the game for real money. Please disable in-app purchases on your device if you do not want this feature to be accessible.Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-terms-of-service/. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-privacy-policy/. Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-terms-of-service/. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://pocketgems.com/episode-privacy-policy/.
** Google Play Best of 2015  **Mobile Game of the Year - 2016 DICE AwardsWinner 2015 Golden Joystick Best Handheld/Mobile Game"Might just be the best free-to-play game out there" - GamesBeat"Probably the best game of E3 2015  Gizmodo "Fallout Shelter is simple to play and addictive as hell." - GameZoneBUILD THE PERFECT VAULTCreate a brighter futureunderground! Select from a variety of modern-day rooms to turn an excavation beneath 2,000 feet of bedrock into the very picture of Vault Life.OVERSEE A THRIVING COMMUNITY Get to know your Dwellers and lead them to happiness. Find their ideal jobs and watch them flourish. Provide them with outfits, weapons, and training to improve their abilities.CUSTOMIZETurn worthless junk into useful items with Crafting! Customize the look of any dweller in the Barbershop.PROSPERA well-run Vault requires a variety of Dwellers with a mix of skills. Build a Radio Room to attract new Dwellers. Or, take an active role in their personal lives; play matchmaker and watch the sparks fly! EXPLORE THE WASTELAND Send Dwellers above ground to explore the blasted surface left behind and seek adventure, handy survival loot, or unspeakable death. Find new armor and weapons, gain experience, and earn Caps. But dont let them die!PROTECT YOUR VAULTFrom time to time, idyllic Vault life may be disrupted by the dangers of post-nuclear life. Prepare your Dwellers to protect against threats from the outsideand within.Vault-Tec has provided the tools, but the rest is up to you. What are you waiting for? Get started building your Vault today for FREE. "Might just be the best free-to-play game out there" - GamesBeat"Probably the best game of E3 2015  Gizmodo "Fallout Shelter is simple to play and addictive as hell." - GameZoneBUILD THE PERFECT VAULTCreate a brighter futureunderground! Select from a variety of modern-day rooms to turn an excavation beneath 2,000 feet of bedrock into the very picture of Vault Life.OVERSEE A THRIVING COMMUNITY Get to know your Dwellers and lead them to happiness. Find their ideal jobs and watch them flourish. Provide them with outfits, weapons, and training to improve their abilities.CUSTOMIZETurn worthless junk into useful items with Crafting! Customize the look of any dweller in the Barbershop.PROSPERA well-run Vault requires a variety of Dwellers with a mix of skills. Build a Radio Room to attract new Dwellers. Or, take an active role in their personal lives; play matchmaker and watch the sparks fly! EXPLORE THE WASTELAND Send Dwellers above ground to explore the blasted surface left behind and seek adventure, handy survival loot, or unspeakable death. Find new armor and weapons, gain experience, and earn Caps. But dont let them die!PROTECT YOUR VAULTFrom time to time, idyllic Vault life may be disrupted by the dangers of post-nuclear life. Prepare your Dwellers to protect against threats from the outsideand within.Vault-Tec has provided the tools, but the rest is up to you. What are you waiting for? Get started building your Vault today for FREE. BUILD THE PERFECT VAULTCreate a brighter futureunderground! Select from a variety of modern-day rooms to turn an excavation beneath 2,000 feet of bedrock into the very picture of Vault Life.OVERSEE A THRIVING COMMUNITY Get to know your Dwellers and lead them to happiness. Find their ideal jobs and watch them flourish. Provide them with outfits, weapons, and training to improve their abilities.CUSTOMIZETurn worthless junk into useful items with Crafting! Customize the look of any dweller in the Barbershop.PROSPERA well-run Vault requires a variety of Dwellers with a mix of skills. Build a Radio Room to attract new Dwellers. Or, take an active role in their personal lives; play matchmaker and watch the sparks fly! EXPLORE THE WASTELAND Send Dwellers above ground to explore the blasted surface left behind and seek adventure, handy survival loot, or unspeakable death. Find new armor and weapons, gain experience, and earn Caps. But dont let them die!PROTECT YOUR VAULTFrom time to time, idyllic Vault life may be disrupted by the dangers of post-nuclear life. Prepare your Dwellers to protect against threats from the outsideand within.Vault-Tec has provided the tools, but the rest is up to you. What are you waiting for? Get started building your Vault today for FREE. OVERSEE A THRIVING COMMUNITY Get to know your Dwellers and lead them to happiness. Find their ideal jobs and watch them flourish. Provide them with outfits, weapons, and training to improve their abilities.CUSTOMIZETurn worthless junk into useful items with Crafting! Customize the look of any dweller in the Barbershop.PROSPERA well-run Vault requires a variety of Dwellers with a mix of skills. Build a Radio Room to attract new Dwellers. Or, take an active role in their personal lives; play matchmaker and watch the sparks fly! EXPLORE THE WASTELAND Send Dwellers above ground to explore the blasted surface left behind and seek adventure, handy survival loot, or unspeakable death. Find new armor and weapons, gain experience, and earn Caps. But dont let them die!PROTECT YOUR VAULTFrom time to time, idyllic Vault life may be disrupted by the dangers of post-nuclear life. Prepare your Dwellers to protect against threats from the outsideand within.Vault-Tec has provided the tools, but the rest is up to you. What are you waiting for? Get started building your Vault today for FREE. CUSTOMIZETurn worthless junk into useful items with Crafting! Customize the look of any dweller in the Barbershop.PROSPERA well-run Vault requires a variety of Dwellers with a mix of skills. Build a Radio Room to attract new Dwellers. Or, take an active role in their personal lives; play matchmaker and watch the sparks fly! EXPLORE THE WASTELAND Send Dwellers above ground to explore the blasted surface left behind and seek adventure, handy survival loot, or unspeakable death. Find new armor and weapons, gain experience, and earn Caps. But dont let them die!PROTECT YOUR VAULTFrom time to time, idyllic Vault life may be disrupted by the dangers of post-nuclear life. Prepare your Dwellers to protect against threats from the outsideand within.Vault-Tec has provided the tools, but the rest is up to you. What are you waiting for? Get started building your Vault today for FREE. PROSPERA well-run Vault requires a variety of Dwellers with a mix of skills. Build a Radio Room to attract new Dwellers. Or, take an active role in their personal lives; play matchmaker and watch the sparks fly! EXPLORE THE WASTELAND Send Dwellers above ground to explore the blasted surface left behind and seek adventure, handy survival loot, or unspeakable death. Find new armor and weapons, gain experience, and earn Caps. But dont let them die!PROTECT YOUR VAULTFrom time to time, idyllic Vault life may be disrupted by the dangers of post-nuclear life. Prepare your Dwellers to protect against threats from the outsideand within.Vault-Tec has provided the tools, but the rest is up to you. What are you waiting for? Get started building your Vault today for FREE. EXPLORE THE WASTELAND Send Dwellers above ground to explore the blasted surface left behind and seek adventure, handy survival loot, or unspeakable death. Find new armor and weapons, gain experience, and earn Caps. But dont let them die!PROTECT YOUR VAULTFrom time to time, idyllic Vault life may be disrupted by the dangers of post-nuclear life. Prepare your Dwellers to protect against threats from the outsideand within.Vault-Tec has provided the tools, but the rest is up to you. What are you waiting for? Get started building your Vault today for FREE. PROTECT YOUR VAULTFrom time to time, idyllic Vault life may be disrupted by the dangers of post-nuclear life. Prepare your Dwellers to protect against threats from the outsideand within.Vault-Tec has provided the tools, but the rest is up to you. What are you waiting for? Get started building your Vault today for FREE. Vault-Tec has provided the tools, but the rest is up to you. What are you waiting for? Get started building your Vault today for FREE.
After another epic battle with the giant chicken, Peter Griffin has accidentally destroyed Quahog! Play for FREE and rally your favorite FG characters (even Meg) to save the city in a hilarious new adventure from the writers of Family Guy. Or dont, and regret it forever! Game Features:  Its Free! Freakin free? Freakin sweet!  Create a living Quahog that fits enjoyably in your pants  Unlock hilarious outfits for your characters like Mermaid Peter, Bikini-Clad Quagmire, and Rambo Lois  Send your characters on ridiculous quests  Keep Quahog safe from pirates, evil chickens, and other invasions  Peterfy your town with decorations such as The Petercopter, The Peterdactyl, and The Hindenpeter  Unlock hundreds of brand new and classic animations PS: You can play this game in French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russian, and Brazilian Portuguese! PPS: Dont forget to watch new episodes of Family Guy on Sundays - only on FOX! Check out all the latest news & updates for Family Guy: The Quest for Stuff:  Like us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/playfamilyguy  Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/playfamilyguy  Follow Peter on Instagram: www.instagram.com/peterpumpkineater69  Check out awesome Family Guy clips, episodes, pictures, and more: www.fox.com/family-guy Game Features:  Its Free! Freakin free? Freakin sweet!  Create a living Quahog that fits enjoyably in your pants  Unlock hilarious outfits for your characters like Mermaid Peter, Bikini-Clad Quagmire, and Rambo Lois  Send your characters on ridiculous quests  Keep Quahog safe from pirates, evil chickens, and other invasions  Peterfy your town with decorations such as The Petercopter, The Peterdactyl, and The Hindenpeter  Unlock hundreds of brand new and classic animations PS: You can play this game in French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russian, and Brazilian Portuguese! PPS: Dont forget to watch new episodes of Family Guy on Sundays - only on FOX! Check out all the latest news & updates for Family Guy: The Quest for Stuff:  Like us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/playfamilyguy  Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/playfamilyguy  Follow Peter on Instagram: www.instagram.com/peterpumpkineater69  Check out awesome Family Guy clips, episodes, pictures, and more: www.fox.com/family-guy  Its Free! Freakin free? Freakin sweet!  Create a living Quahog that fits enjoyably in your pants  Unlock hilarious outfits for your characters like Mermaid Peter, Bikini-Clad Quagmire, and Rambo Lois  Send your characters on ridiculous quests  Keep Quahog safe from pirates, evil chickens, and other invasions  Peterfy your town with decorations such as The Petercopter, The Peterdactyl, and The Hindenpeter  Unlock hundreds of brand new and classic animations PS: You can play this game in French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russian, and Brazilian Portuguese! PPS: Dont forget to watch new episodes of Family Guy on Sundays - only on FOX! Check out all the latest news & updates for Family Guy: The Quest for Stuff:  Like us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/playfamilyguy  Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/playfamilyguy  Follow Peter on Instagram: www.instagram.com/peterpumpkineater69  Check out awesome Family Guy clips, episodes, pictures, and more: www.fox.com/family-guy PS: You can play this game in French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russian, and Brazilian Portuguese! PPS: Dont forget to watch new episodes of Family Guy on Sundays - only on FOX! Check out all the latest news & updates for Family Guy: The Quest for Stuff:  Like us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/playfamilyguy  Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/playfamilyguy  Follow Peter on Instagram: www.instagram.com/peterpumpkineater69  Check out awesome Family Guy clips, episodes, pictures, and more: www.fox.com/family-guy PPS: Dont forget to watch new episodes of Family Guy on Sundays - only on FOX! Check out all the latest news & updates for Family Guy: The Quest for Stuff:  Like us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/playfamilyguy  Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/playfamilyguy  Follow Peter on Instagram: www.instagram.com/peterpumpkineater69  Check out awesome Family Guy clips, episodes, pictures, and more: www.fox.com/family-guy Check out all the latest news & updates for Family Guy: The Quest for Stuff:  Like us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/playfamilyguy  Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/playfamilyguy  Follow Peter on Instagram: www.instagram.com/peterpumpkineater69  Check out awesome Family Guy clips, episodes, pictures, and more: www.fox.com/family-guy
Fantastic Beasts: Cases From The Wizarding WorldMaster your magical skills as you delve into your wizarding world to investigate unexplained happenings. In an new adventure inspired by J.K. Rowlings Wizarding World, enjoy all-new experiences as you discover hidden objects, interview witnesses, analyze evidence, and cast spells to uncover and protect the magical creatures at the center of every mysterious case. Solve All-New Magical MysteriesClues to unlocking the secrets of your wizarding world are hiding in plain sight. Only you have the skills and talent to find the answers as you dive into the elusive world of magical creatures. Youll cast spells, brew potions and decipher hidden clues to investigate and solve all-new mysteries. Help the Ministry of MagicThe Ministry of Magic is relying on you to crack the case as one of the brightest new recruits of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. From nifflers to unicorns, centaurs to dragons, you protect them all. Use your training to investigate beastly happenings and prove yourself as the smartest, sharpest wizard. Make Magic With Your FriendsJoin the magical community and unravel the secrets of your wizarding world together. See how you stack up against your fellow recruits, and lend your friends a helping hand.
Escape to the world of farming, friends and fun! Go on farm adventures to collect rare goods and craft new recipes. Raise animals and grow your farm with friends. Join a farm Co-Op to trade and share or play on your own in Anonymous Mode. You can play FarmVille anytime, anywhere even when not connected to the internet. Best of all, the worlds most popular farming game is free to play!**Google Play Best Games of 2014**** FarmVille is back and this time, its portable  TIME **** ""Officially not just for Facebook anymore"" - Los Angeles Times **** ""They may have built the best FarmVille game of the series"" - Kotaku **- CRAFT a variety of baked gourmet goods like classic country apple pies- HARVEST farm fresh crops of your favorite fruits and vegetables- CUSTOMIZE your own farm for charming country living- COLLECT hidden and rare items as you discover a new coastal farm - NURTURE and raise a wide variety of adorable animals like your very own farm dog- EXPLORE a new FarmVille story filled with special farm adventures - BUILD a lush family farm by the coast so all your friends can visit- FISH with your fellow farmers and sell your catch at Pikes Landing- GARDEN by the beautiful blue ocean as you decorate your farm with flowers and fresh produce- TRADE and chat with friends or play anonymously with people from all over the world- ESCAPE to the coast and then connect to your Facebook farm to send free water- EARN daily rewards with the Mystery  and take a spin at the Prize WheelADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES
Escape to an island getaway filled with adventure, mystery, and fun new mini games in this colorful free-to-play game from the makers of FarmVille, the number one farming franchise!Build your very own beachside inn complete with island workshops, tropical crops, and exotic animals. Farm island fruits like pineapples, coconuts, and mangos to delight your guests. Craft delicious recipes and rare goods like pia coladas, grilled fish, and flower leis.Catch fish with Capri the dolphin and explore with Odney the playful monkey! Feed tasty treats to the cute, playful animals on your island to get unique photo ops for your guests. Story-based quests help you explore uncharted areas, learn more about your island and find rare items and goods.Adventure unfolds all around your island!ESCAPE TO THE TROPICS- Seek adventures on your very own tropical island- Farm unique fruits and veggies, craft fun drinks and meet adorable animals- Discover all of the tropical crops and exotic animals that call your island home- Run a beachside inn and start a new life in paradise- Play mini games and have fun with new characters like TingUNCOVER MYSTERY, SECRETS AND TREASURES- Complete story-based quests with island guides like the archaeologist and surfing expert- Explore the bubbling volcano and ancient monkey temple- Discover hidden treasures and rare goods in the secret chamber - Investigate uncharted areas to find even more island secretsBUILD AMENITIES FOR YOUR GUESTS- Fix up island workshops and create your own personal paradise- Buy a Tiki Bar, Sushi Stand, Artisan Workshop and more- Expand your inn and hire guides to help your guests enjoy the islandDISCOVER AND PHOTOGRAPH ADORABLE ANIMALS FOR REWARDS- Build a Wildlife Center on your island with the help of Ting, the wildlife guide- Attract rare and exotic animals to your island like the colorful Iguana by feeding them treats- Earn rewards by snapping photos of the animals as souvenirs for your guestsTRADE WITH OTHER ISLANDS- Trade with other players using the trade boat- Short on eggs? Buy the goods you need from neighboring islands- Have too many pineapples? Name your price and sell off extra crops and crafts- The more coins you have, the more you can do on your islandEscape to a shimmering world of sunshine, adventure and fun in FarmVille: Tropic Escape!Download today and start building your island paradise!ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES For specific information about how Zynga collects and uses personal or other data, please read our privacy policy at http://company.zynga.com/privacy/policy. This game does permit a user to connect to social networks, such as Facebook, and as such players may come into contact with other people when playing this game. The game is free to play, however in-app purchases are available for additional content and premium currency. In-app purchases range from $0.99 to $99.99. You will be given the opportunity to participate in special offers, events, and programs from Zynga Inc and its partners.Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zyngas Privacy Policy. Zyngas Privacy Policy is available in the Privacy Policy field located in the Developer section below. Both policies are available at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply.http://m.zynga.com/legal/terms-of-service Build your very own beachside inn complete with island workshops, tropical crops, and exotic animals. Farm island fruits like pineapples, coconuts, and mangos to delight your guests. Craft delicious recipes and rare goods like pia coladas, grilled fish, and flower leis.Catch fish with Capri the dolphin and explore with Odney the playful monkey! Feed tasty treats to the cute, playful animals on your island to get unique photo ops for your guests. Story-based quests help you explore uncharted areas, learn more about your island and find rare items and goods.Adventure unfolds all around your island!ESCAPE TO THE TROPICS- Seek adventures on your very own tropical island- Farm unique fruits and veggies, craft fun drinks and meet adorable animals- Discover all of the tropical crops and exotic animals that call your island home- Run a beachside inn and start a new life in paradise- Play mini games and have fun with new characters like TingUNCOVER MYSTERY, SECRETS AND TREASURES- Complete story-based quests with island guides like the archaeologist and surfing expert- Explore the bubbling volcano and ancient monkey temple- Discover hidden treasures and rare goods in the secret chamber - Investigate uncharted areas to find even more island secretsBUILD AMENITIES FOR YOUR GUESTS- Fix up island workshops and create your own personal paradise- Buy a Tiki Bar, Sushi Stand, Artisan Workshop and more- Expand your inn and hire guides to help your guests enjoy the islandDISCOVER AND PHOTOGRAPH ADORABLE ANIMALS FOR REWARDS- Build a Wildlife Center on your island with the help of Ting, the wildlife guide- Attract rare and exotic animals to your island like the colorful Iguana by feeding them treats- Earn rewards by snapping photos of the animals as souvenirs for your guestsTRADE WITH OTHER ISLANDS- Trade with other players using the trade boat- Short on eggs? Buy the goods you need from neighboring islands- Have too many pineapples? Name your price and sell off extra crops and crafts- The more coins you have, the more you can do on your islandEscape to a shimmering world of sunshine, adventure and fun in FarmVille: Tropic Escape!Download today and start building your island paradise!ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES For specific information about how Zynga collects and uses personal or other data, please read our privacy policy at http://company.zynga.com/privacy/policy. This game does permit a user to connect to social networks, such as Facebook, and as such players may come into contact with other people when playing this game. The game is free to play, however in-app purchases are available for additional content and premium currency. In-app purchases range from $0.99 to $99.99. You will be given the opportunity to participate in special offers, events, and programs from Zynga Inc and its partners.Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zyngas Privacy Policy. Zyngas Privacy Policy is available in the Privacy Policy field located in the Developer section below. Both policies are available at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply.http://m.zynga.com/legal/terms-of-service Catch fish with Capri the dolphin and explore with Odney the playful monkey! Feed tasty treats to the cute, playful animals on your island to get unique photo ops for your guests. Story-based quests help you explore uncharted areas, learn more about your island and find rare items and goods.Adventure unfolds all around your island!ESCAPE TO THE TROPICS- Seek adventures on your very own tropical island- Farm unique fruits and veggies, craft fun drinks and meet adorable animals- Discover all of the tropical crops and exotic animals that call your island home- Run a beachside inn and start a new life in paradise- Play mini games and have fun with new characters like TingUNCOVER MYSTERY, SECRETS AND TREASURES- Complete story-based quests with island guides like the archaeologist and surfing expert- Explore the bubbling volcano and ancient monkey temple- Discover hidden treasures and rare goods in the secret chamber - Investigate uncharted areas to find even more island secretsBUILD AMENITIES FOR YOUR GUESTS- Fix up island workshops and create your own personal paradise- Buy a Tiki Bar, Sushi Stand, Artisan Workshop and more- Expand your inn and hire guides to help your guests enjoy the islandDISCOVER AND PHOTOGRAPH ADORABLE ANIMALS FOR REWARDS- Build a Wildlife Center on your island with the help of Ting, the wildlife guide- Attract rare and exotic animals to your island like the colorful Iguana by feeding them treats- Earn rewards by snapping photos of the animals as souvenirs for your guestsTRADE WITH OTHER ISLANDS- Trade with other players using the trade boat- Short on eggs? Buy the goods you need from neighboring islands- Have too many pineapples? Name your price and sell off extra crops and crafts- The more coins you have, the more you can do on your islandEscape to a shimmering world of sunshine, adventure and fun in FarmVille: Tropic Escape!Download today and start building your island paradise!ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES For specific information about how Zynga collects and uses personal or other data, please read our privacy policy at http://company.zynga.com/privacy/policy. This game does permit a user to connect to social networks, such as Facebook, and as such players may come into contact with other people when playing this game. The game is free to play, however in-app purchases are available for additional content and premium currency. In-app purchases range from $0.99 to $99.99. You will be given the opportunity to participate in special offers, events, and programs from Zynga Inc and its partners.Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zyngas Privacy Policy. Zyngas Privacy Policy is available in the Privacy Policy field located in the Developer section below. Both policies are available at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply.http://m.zynga.com/legal/terms-of-service Adventure unfolds all around your island!ESCAPE TO THE TROPICS- Seek adventures on your very own tropical island- Farm unique fruits and veggies, craft fun drinks and meet adorable animals- Discover all of the tropical crops and exotic animals that call your island home- Run a beachside inn and start a new life in paradise- Play mini games and have fun with new characters like TingUNCOVER MYSTERY, SECRETS AND TREASURES- Complete story-based quests with island guides like the archaeologist and surfing expert- Explore the bubbling volcano and ancient monkey temple- Discover hidden treasures and rare goods in the secret chamber - Investigate uncharted areas to find even more island secretsBUILD AMENITIES FOR YOUR GUESTS- Fix up island workshops and create your own personal paradise- Buy a Tiki Bar, Sushi Stand, Artisan Workshop and more- Expand your inn and hire guides to help your guests enjoy the islandDISCOVER AND PHOTOGRAPH ADORABLE ANIMALS FOR REWARDS- Build a Wildlife Center on your island with the help of Ting, the wildlife guide- Attract rare and exotic animals to your island like the colorful Iguana by feeding them treats- Earn rewards by snapping photos of the animals as souvenirs for your guestsTRADE WITH OTHER ISLANDS- Trade with other players using the trade boat- Short on eggs? Buy the goods you need from neighboring islands- Have too many pineapples? Name your price and sell off extra crops and crafts- The more coins you have, the more you can do on your islandEscape to a shimmering world of sunshine, adventure and fun in FarmVille: Tropic Escape!Download today and start building your island paradise!ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES For specific information about how Zynga collects and uses personal or other data, please read our privacy policy at http://company.zynga.com/privacy/policy. This game does permit a user to connect to social networks, such as Facebook, and as such players may come into contact with other people when playing this game. The game is free to play, however in-app purchases are available for additional content and premium currency. In-app purchases range from $0.99 to $99.99. You will be given the opportunity to participate in special offers, events, and programs from Zynga Inc and its partners.Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zyngas Privacy Policy. Zyngas Privacy Policy is available in the Privacy Policy field located in the Developer section below. Both policies are available at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply.http://m.zynga.com/legal/terms-of-service ESCAPE TO THE TROPICS- Seek adventures on your very own tropical island- Farm unique fruits and veggies, craft fun drinks and meet adorable animals- Discover all of the tropical crops and exotic animals that call your island home- Run a beachside inn and start a new life in paradise- Play mini games and have fun with new characters like TingUNCOVER MYSTERY, SECRETS AND TREASURES- Complete story-based quests with island guides like the archaeologist and surfing expert- Explore the bubbling volcano and ancient monkey temple- Discover hidden treasures and rare goods in the secret chamber - Investigate uncharted areas to find even more island secretsBUILD AMENITIES FOR YOUR GUESTS- Fix up island workshops and create your own personal paradise- Buy a Tiki Bar, Sushi Stand, Artisan Workshop and more- Expand your inn and hire guides to help your guests enjoy the islandDISCOVER AND PHOTOGRAPH ADORABLE ANIMALS FOR REWARDS- Build a Wildlife Center on your island with the help of Ting, the wildlife guide- Attract rare and exotic animals to your island like the colorful Iguana by feeding them treats- Earn rewards by snapping photos of the animals as souvenirs for your guestsTRADE WITH OTHER ISLANDS- Trade with other players using the trade boat- Short on eggs? Buy the goods you need from neighboring islands- Have too many pineapples? Name your price and sell off extra crops and crafts- The more coins you have, the more you can do on your islandEscape to a shimmering world of sunshine, adventure and fun in FarmVille: Tropic Escape!Download today and start building your island paradise!ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES For specific information about how Zynga collects and uses personal or other data, please read our privacy policy at http://company.zynga.com/privacy/policy. This game does permit a user to connect to social networks, such as Facebook, and as such players may come into contact with other people when playing this game. The game is free to play, however in-app purchases are available for additional content and premium currency. In-app purchases range from $0.99 to $99.99. You will be given the opportunity to participate in special offers, events, and programs from Zynga Inc and its partners.Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zyngas Privacy Policy. Zyngas Privacy Policy is available in the Privacy Policy field located in the Developer section below. Both policies are available at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply.http://m.zynga.com/legal/terms-of-service UNCOVER MYSTERY, SECRETS AND TREASURES- Complete story-based quests with island guides like the archaeologist and surfing expert- Explore the bubbling volcano and ancient monkey temple- Discover hidden treasures and rare goods in the secret chamber - Investigate uncharted areas to find even more island secretsBUILD AMENITIES FOR YOUR GUESTS- Fix up island workshops and create your own personal paradise- Buy a Tiki Bar, Sushi Stand, Artisan Workshop and more- Expand your inn and hire guides to help your guests enjoy the islandDISCOVER AND PHOTOGRAPH ADORABLE ANIMALS FOR REWARDS- Build a Wildlife Center on your island with the help of Ting, the wildlife guide- Attract rare and exotic animals to your island like the colorful Iguana by feeding them treats- Earn rewards by snapping photos of the animals as souvenirs for your guestsTRADE WITH OTHER ISLANDS- Trade with other players using the trade boat- Short on eggs? Buy the goods you need from neighboring islands- Have too many pineapples? Name your price and sell off extra crops and crafts- The more coins you have, the more you can do on your islandEscape to a shimmering world of sunshine, adventure and fun in FarmVille: Tropic Escape!Download today and start building your island paradise!ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES For specific information about how Zynga collects and uses personal or other data, please read our privacy policy at http://company.zynga.com/privacy/policy. This game does permit a user to connect to social networks, such as Facebook, and as such players may come into contact with other people when playing this game. The game is free to play, however in-app purchases are available for additional content and premium currency. In-app purchases range from $0.99 to $99.99. You will be given the opportunity to participate in special offers, events, and programs from Zynga Inc and its partners.Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zyngas Privacy Policy. Zyngas Privacy Policy is available in the Privacy Policy field located in the Developer section below. Both policies are available at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply.http://m.zynga.com/legal/terms-of-service BUILD AMENITIES FOR YOUR GUESTS- Fix up island workshops and create your own personal paradise- Buy a Tiki Bar, Sushi Stand, Artisan Workshop and more- Expand your inn and hire guides to help your guests enjoy the islandDISCOVER AND PHOTOGRAPH ADORABLE ANIMALS FOR REWARDS- Build a Wildlife Center on your island with the help of Ting, the wildlife guide- Attract rare and exotic animals to your island like the colorful Iguana by feeding them treats- Earn rewards by snapping photos of the animals as souvenirs for your guestsTRADE WITH OTHER ISLANDS- Trade with other players using the trade boat- Short on eggs? Buy the goods you need from neighboring islands- Have too many pineapples? Name your price and sell off extra crops and crafts- The more coins you have, the more you can do on your islandEscape to a shimmering world of sunshine, adventure and fun in FarmVille: Tropic Escape!Download today and start building your island paradise!ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES For specific information about how Zynga collects and uses personal or other data, please read our privacy policy at http://company.zynga.com/privacy/policy. This game does permit a user to connect to social networks, such as Facebook, and as such players may come into contact with other people when playing this game. The game is free to play, however in-app purchases are available for additional content and premium currency. In-app purchases range from $0.99 to $99.99. You will be given the opportunity to participate in special offers, events, and programs from Zynga Inc and its partners.Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zyngas Privacy Policy. Zyngas Privacy Policy is available in the Privacy Policy field located in the Developer section below. Both policies are available at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply.http://m.zynga.com/legal/terms-of-service DISCOVER AND PHOTOGRAPH ADORABLE ANIMALS FOR REWARDS- Build a Wildlife Center on your island with the help of Ting, the wildlife guide- Attract rare and exotic animals to your island like the colorful Iguana by feeding them treats- Earn rewards by snapping photos of the animals as souvenirs for your guestsTRADE WITH OTHER ISLANDS- Trade with other players using the trade boat- Short on eggs? Buy the goods you need from neighboring islands- Have too many pineapples? Name your price and sell off extra crops and crafts- The more coins you have, the more you can do on your islandEscape to a shimmering world of sunshine, adventure and fun in FarmVille: Tropic Escape!Download today and start building your island paradise!ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES For specific information about how Zynga collects and uses personal or other data, please read our privacy policy at http://company.zynga.com/privacy/policy. This game does permit a user to connect to social networks, such as Facebook, and as such players may come into contact with other people when playing this game. The game is free to play, however in-app purchases are available for additional content and premium currency. In-app purchases range from $0.99 to $99.99. You will be given the opportunity to participate in special offers, events, and programs from Zynga Inc and its partners.Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zyngas Privacy Policy. Zyngas Privacy Policy is available in the Privacy Policy field located in the Developer section below. Both policies are available at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply.http://m.zynga.com/legal/terms-of-service TRADE WITH OTHER ISLANDS- Trade with other players using the trade boat- Short on eggs? Buy the goods you need from neighboring islands- Have too many pineapples? Name your price and sell off extra crops and crafts- The more coins you have, the more you can do on your islandEscape to a shimmering world of sunshine, adventure and fun in FarmVille: Tropic Escape!Download today and start building your island paradise!ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES For specific information about how Zynga collects and uses personal or other data, please read our privacy policy at http://company.zynga.com/privacy/policy. This game does permit a user to connect to social networks, such as Facebook, and as such players may come into contact with other people when playing this game. The game is free to play, however in-app purchases are available for additional content and premium currency. In-app purchases range from $0.99 to $99.99. You will be given the opportunity to participate in special offers, events, and programs from Zynga Inc and its partners.Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zyngas Privacy Policy. Zyngas Privacy Policy is available in the Privacy Policy field located in the Developer section below. Both policies are available at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply.http://m.zynga.com/legal/terms-of-service Escape to a shimmering world of sunshine, adventure and fun in FarmVille: Tropic Escape!Download today and start building your island paradise!ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES For specific information about how Zynga collects and uses personal or other data, please read our privacy policy at http://company.zynga.com/privacy/policy. This game does permit a user to connect to social networks, such as Facebook, and as such players may come into contact with other people when playing this game. The game is free to play, however in-app purchases are available for additional content and premium currency. In-app purchases range from $0.99 to $99.99. You will be given the opportunity to participate in special offers, events, and programs from Zynga Inc and its partners.Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zyngas Privacy Policy. Zyngas Privacy Policy is available in the Privacy Policy field located in the Developer section below. Both policies are available at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply.http://m.zynga.com/legal/terms-of-service Download today and start building your island paradise!ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES For specific information about how Zynga collects and uses personal or other data, please read our privacy policy at http://company.zynga.com/privacy/policy. This game does permit a user to connect to social networks, such as Facebook, and as such players may come into contact with other people when playing this game. The game is free to play, however in-app purchases are available for additional content and premium currency. In-app purchases range from $0.99 to $99.99. You will be given the opportunity to participate in special offers, events, and programs from Zynga Inc and its partners.Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zyngas Privacy Policy. Zyngas Privacy Policy is available in the Privacy Policy field located in the Developer section below. Both policies are available at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply.http://m.zynga.com/legal/terms-of-service ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES For specific information about how Zynga collects and uses personal or other data, please read our privacy policy at http://company.zynga.com/privacy/policy. This game does permit a user to connect to social networks, such as Facebook, and as such players may come into contact with other people when playing this game. The game is free to play, however in-app purchases are available for additional content and premium currency. In-app purchases range from $0.99 to $99.99. You will be given the opportunity to participate in special offers, events, and programs from Zynga Inc and its partners.Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zyngas Privacy Policy. Zyngas Privacy Policy is available in the Privacy Policy field located in the Developer section below. Both policies are available at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply.http://m.zynga.com/legal/terms-of-service Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zyngas Privacy Policy. Zyngas Privacy Policy is available in the Privacy Policy field located in the Developer section below. Both policies are available at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply.http://m.zynga.com/legal/terms-of-service http://m.zynga.com/legal/terms-of-service
*** OVER 10 MILLION DOWNLOADS WORLDWIDE *** Gigantic update! RELIVE your favorite FINAL FANTASY moments in FINAL FANTASY Record Keeper! Fight with your favorite FINAL FANTASY heroes, battle through classic FINAL FANTASY moments, restore the lost memories and save the world once again. ======= "FINAL FANTASY: Record Keeper has single handedly restored my faith as to the potential of this franchise and genre on mobile... - Touch Arcade  "FINAL FANTASY: Record Keeper takes characters and scenes and mixes them together to form a new experience, giving fans a new way to revisit their favorites. - GamesBeat  "...must-have for fans of the Final Fantasy series." - CNET, 04/02/15 ======= FEATURES  RELIVE THE MEMORIESBattle your way through the most epic FINAL FANTASY moments, woven together for the first time on mobile with an all-new tale! Tyro, a brand new character designed by Tetsuya Nomura, takes center stage!   CREATE YOUR ULTIMATE TEAMPut your own twist on the tales: build your fully customized FINAL FANTASY party and lead them to victory! With a massive roster of FINAL FANTASY characters, the possibilities are nearly endless!   FIGHT THE BATTLES YOUR WAYExperience the iconic FINAL FANTASY Active Time Battle (ATB) system! YOU control the flow of battle!  SPECIAL EVENTSWith special events every week, complete new chapters and collect limited edition characters, gear and abilities! ======= STORY In a glorious kingdom that thrives on the harmony between magic and art, epic tales of valor and hope have been passed from one generation to the next. The records of these great chronicles uphold the peace and prosperity of all civilization. The kingdom sealed these records inside paintings, to safeguard the balance of the world. That is until, without warning, the records within the paintings began to fade away... Darkness fell upon the world, bringing catastrophe and ruin. The time has come for you to save the kingdoms future.  Defend Your Legacy. ======= EXPERIENCE A bunch of memorable moments are called out from FINAL FANTASY! FINAL FANTASY VII: Lead AVALANCHE against Shinra, and unravel Sephiroths plansFINAL FANTASY VIII: Take your place in the elite group SeeD, and recruit the powerful Guardian ForcesFINAL FANTASY X: Battle Sin, and uncover the mysteries of the lost city of ZanarkandFINAL FANTASY XIII: Rise up against the falCie, and discover the true history of the world of Pulse And many, many more...   SQUARE ENIX CO., LTD. DeNA Co., Ltd.
*WARNING*If a login error occurs when accessing cloud save data, please try again after either toggling off your device's screen lock feature or toggling on the auto-rotate screen feature. If the error persists, please contact the Square Enix Support Center. We apologize for any inconvenience, and hope you enjoy playing FINAL FANTASY V.FINAL FANTASY V for the Android is here!FINAL FANTASY V first debuted in 1992 as the fifth installment in the iconic FINAL FANTASY series. This wildly popular RPG was the first in the series to sell over two million copies.This groundbreaking title allowed players to customize their characters with an unprecedented degree of freedom thanks to a new job and ability system that further improved and refined the job change system used in FINAL FANTASY III. The title also saw the introduction of more detailed and expressive 2D character models, which helped further fuel the player's imagination, making the story even more immersive and fun to play.StoryEarth, water, fire, and wind...These are the four crystals that bring peace and prosperity to the world,but they have lost their power and are now on verge of destruction.It all started with a strange change in the wind...Sensing something ominous astir, the young traveler Bartz astride his chocobo, Princess Lenna of Castle Tycoon, the mysterious Galuf, an old man with a bad case of amnesia, and the pirate captain Faris soon find that fate has brought the former strangers together.With spirits fired by strong will and purpose, the four heroes set out on an epic adventure. FINAL FANTASY V for the Android is here!FINAL FANTASY V first debuted in 1992 as the fifth installment in the iconic FINAL FANTASY series. This wildly popular RPG was the first in the series to sell over two million copies.This groundbreaking title allowed players to customize their characters with an unprecedented degree of freedom thanks to a new job and ability system that further improved and refined the job change system used in FINAL FANTASY III. The title also saw the introduction of more detailed and expressive 2D character models, which helped further fuel the player's imagination, making the story even more immersive and fun to play.StoryEarth, water, fire, and wind...These are the four crystals that bring peace and prosperity to the world,but they have lost their power and are now on verge of destruction.It all started with a strange change in the wind...Sensing something ominous astir, the young traveler Bartz astride his chocobo, Princess Lenna of Castle Tycoon, the mysterious Galuf, an old man with a bad case of amnesia, and the pirate captain Faris soon find that fate has brought the former strangers together.With spirits fired by strong will and purpose, the four heroes set out on an epic adventure. FINAL FANTASY V first debuted in 1992 as the fifth installment in the iconic FINAL FANTASY series. This wildly popular RPG was the first in the series to sell over two million copies.This groundbreaking title allowed players to customize their characters with an unprecedented degree of freedom thanks to a new job and ability system that further improved and refined the job change system used in FINAL FANTASY III. The title also saw the introduction of more detailed and expressive 2D character models, which helped further fuel the player's imagination, making the story even more immersive and fun to play.StoryEarth, water, fire, and wind...These are the four crystals that bring peace and prosperity to the world,but they have lost their power and are now on verge of destruction.It all started with a strange change in the wind...Sensing something ominous astir, the young traveler Bartz astride his chocobo, Princess Lenna of Castle Tycoon, the mysterious Galuf, an old man with a bad case of amnesia, and the pirate captain Faris soon find that fate has brought the former strangers together.With spirits fired by strong will and purpose, the four heroes set out on an epic adventure. This groundbreaking title allowed players to customize their characters with an unprecedented degree of freedom thanks to a new job and ability system that further improved and refined the job change system used in FINAL FANTASY III. The title also saw the introduction of more detailed and expressive 2D character models, which helped further fuel the player's imagination, making the story even more immersive and fun to play.StoryEarth, water, fire, and wind...These are the four crystals that bring peace and prosperity to the world,but they have lost their power and are now on verge of destruction.It all started with a strange change in the wind...Sensing something ominous astir, the young traveler Bartz astride his chocobo, Princess Lenna of Castle Tycoon, the mysterious Galuf, an old man with a bad case of amnesia, and the pirate captain Faris soon find that fate has brought the former strangers together.With spirits fired by strong will and purpose, the four heroes set out on an epic adventure. StoryEarth, water, fire, and wind...These are the four crystals that bring peace and prosperity to the world,but they have lost their power and are now on verge of destruction.It all started with a strange change in the wind...Sensing something ominous astir, the young traveler Bartz astride his chocobo, Princess Lenna of Castle Tycoon, the mysterious Galuf, an old man with a bad case of amnesia, and the pirate captain Faris soon find that fate has brought the former strangers together.With spirits fired by strong will and purpose, the four heroes set out on an epic adventure. Earth, water, fire, and wind...These are the four crystals that bring peace and prosperity to the world,but they have lost their power and are now on verge of destruction.It all started with a strange change in the wind...Sensing something ominous astir, the young traveler Bartz astride his chocobo, Princess Lenna of Castle Tycoon, the mysterious Galuf, an old man with a bad case of amnesia, and the pirate captain Faris soon find that fate has brought the former strangers together.With spirits fired by strong will and purpose, the four heroes set out on an epic adventure. It all started with a strange change in the wind...Sensing something ominous astir, the young traveler Bartz astride his chocobo, Princess Lenna of Castle Tycoon, the mysterious Galuf, an old man with a bad case of amnesia, and the pirate captain Faris soon find that fate has brought the former strangers together.With spirits fired by strong will and purpose, the four heroes set out on an epic adventure. Sensing something ominous astir, the young traveler Bartz astride his chocobo, Princess Lenna of Castle Tycoon, the mysterious Galuf, an old man with a bad case of amnesia, and the pirate captain Faris soon find that fate has brought the former strangers together.With spirits fired by strong will and purpose, the four heroes set out on an epic adventure. With spirits fired by strong will and purpose, the four heroes set out on an epic adventure.
FINAL FANTASY VI  -- now on Android!FINAL FANTASY VI first debuted in 1994 as the sixth installment in the iconic FINAL FANTASY series. Innovations included the ability to play all the main characters as the game's protagonist, and to this day, its epic story intertwining each of their fates is still highly rated and wildly popular. The characters' dramatic performances are also highly rated, including the catastrophe occurring midway through, which delivers a particular emotional jolt to players.With plenty of abilities available and the magicite system for controlling spells/summoning, players can develop their characters any way they want. This was also the first FINAL FANTASY game to include the Ultima Weapon, the most powerful sword of all and a recurring item in subsequent titles within the series.StoryThe War of Magi left little but ashes and misery in its wake. Even magic itself had vanished from the world. Now, a thousand years later, humankind has remade the world through the power of iron, gunpowder, steam engines, and other machines and technologies.But there is one who possesses the lost power of magic--a young girl name Terra whom the evil Empire has kept enslaved in an effort to harness her power as weapon. This leads to a fateful meeting between Terra and a young man named Locke. Their harrowing escape from the Empire's clutches sets in motion a series of events that touches countless lives and leads to one inevitable conclusion.Features All graphics have been painstakingly recreated, bringing the world of FINAL FANTASY VI to your mobile device for the very first time! Kazuko Shibuya, one of the graphics designers involved in the FINAL FANTASY series from the very start, personally worked on the main characters and supervised the recreation of the game's graphics. Square Enix's vast experience in A-list smartphone RPG titles has been harnessed in implementing intuitive user-friendly controls that make the game easy to play on touch screens. The battle interface has received particular attention, with a complete overhaul for use on your smartphone. This smartphone release includes the new magicites and events that were introduced in the 2006 remake. Some events have been optimized to be played with user-friendly touch controls.*************************Certain in-game conditions may cause the app to close unexpectedly on select devices. To minimize complications, please take the following precautions when playing:- Save your game data regularly.- Close the game via your device's application manager after exiting.- Should the game not perform properly, power your device off and back on before relaunching.*************************FINAL FANTASY VI cannot be launched on devices running Android 4.4 with Android RunTime (ART) enabled. Please ensure the default runtime is selected before launching the game. FINAL FANTASY VI first debuted in 1994 as the sixth installment in the iconic FINAL FANTASY series. Innovations included the ability to play all the main characters as the game's protagonist, and to this day, its epic story intertwining each of their fates is still highly rated and wildly popular. The characters' dramatic performances are also highly rated, including the catastrophe occurring midway through, which delivers a particular emotional jolt to players.With plenty of abilities available and the magicite system for controlling spells/summoning, players can develop their characters any way they want. This was also the first FINAL FANTASY game to include the Ultima Weapon, the most powerful sword of all and a recurring item in subsequent titles within the series.StoryThe War of Magi left little but ashes and misery in its wake. Even magic itself had vanished from the world. Now, a thousand years later, humankind has remade the world through the power of iron, gunpowder, steam engines, and other machines and technologies.But there is one who possesses the lost power of magic--a young girl name Terra whom the evil Empire has kept enslaved in an effort to harness her power as weapon. This leads to a fateful meeting between Terra and a young man named Locke. Their harrowing escape from the Empire's clutches sets in motion a series of events that touches countless lives and leads to one inevitable conclusion.Features All graphics have been painstakingly recreated, bringing the world of FINAL FANTASY VI to your mobile device for the very first time! Kazuko Shibuya, one of the graphics designers involved in the FINAL FANTASY series from the very start, personally worked on the main characters and supervised the recreation of the game's graphics. Square Enix's vast experience in A-list smartphone RPG titles has been harnessed in implementing intuitive user-friendly controls that make the game easy to play on touch screens. The battle interface has received particular attention, with a complete overhaul for use on your smartphone. This smartphone release includes the new magicites and events that were introduced in the 2006 remake. Some events have been optimized to be played with user-friendly touch controls.*************************Certain in-game conditions may cause the app to close unexpectedly on select devices. To minimize complications, please take the following precautions when playing:- Save your game data regularly.- Close the game via your device's application manager after exiting.- Should the game not perform properly, power your device off and back on before relaunching.*************************FINAL FANTASY VI cannot be launched on devices running Android 4.4 with Android RunTime (ART) enabled. Please ensure the default runtime is selected before launching the game. With plenty of abilities available and the magicite system for controlling spells/summoning, players can develop their characters any way they want. This was also the first FINAL FANTASY game to include the Ultima Weapon, the most powerful sword of all and a recurring item in subsequent titles within the series.StoryThe War of Magi left little but ashes and misery in its wake. Even magic itself had vanished from the world. Now, a thousand years later, humankind has remade the world through the power of iron, gunpowder, steam engines, and other machines and technologies.But there is one who possesses the lost power of magic--a young girl name Terra whom the evil Empire has kept enslaved in an effort to harness her power as weapon. This leads to a fateful meeting between Terra and a young man named Locke. Their harrowing escape from the Empire's clutches sets in motion a series of events that touches countless lives and leads to one inevitable conclusion.Features All graphics have been painstakingly recreated, bringing the world of FINAL FANTASY VI to your mobile device for the very first time! Kazuko Shibuya, one of the graphics designers involved in the FINAL FANTASY series from the very start, personally worked on the main characters and supervised the recreation of the game's graphics. Square Enix's vast experience in A-list smartphone RPG titles has been harnessed in implementing intuitive user-friendly controls that make the game easy to play on touch screens. The battle interface has received particular attention, with a complete overhaul for use on your smartphone. This smartphone release includes the new magicites and events that were introduced in the 2006 remake. Some events have been optimized to be played with user-friendly touch controls.*************************Certain in-game conditions may cause the app to close unexpectedly on select devices. To minimize complications, please take the following precautions when playing:- Save your game data regularly.- Close the game via your device's application manager after exiting.- Should the game not perform properly, power your device off and back on before relaunching.*************************FINAL FANTASY VI cannot be launched on devices running Android 4.4 with Android RunTime (ART) enabled. Please ensure the default runtime is selected before launching the game. StoryThe War of Magi left little but ashes and misery in its wake. Even magic itself had vanished from the world. Now, a thousand years later, humankind has remade the world through the power of iron, gunpowder, steam engines, and other machines and technologies.But there is one who possesses the lost power of magic--a young girl name Terra whom the evil Empire has kept enslaved in an effort to harness her power as weapon. This leads to a fateful meeting between Terra and a young man named Locke. Their harrowing escape from the Empire's clutches sets in motion a series of events that touches countless lives and leads to one inevitable conclusion.Features All graphics have been painstakingly recreated, bringing the world of FINAL FANTASY VI to your mobile device for the very first time! Kazuko Shibuya, one of the graphics designers involved in the FINAL FANTASY series from the very start, personally worked on the main characters and supervised the recreation of the game's graphics. Square Enix's vast experience in A-list smartphone RPG titles has been harnessed in implementing intuitive user-friendly controls that make the game easy to play on touch screens. The battle interface has received particular attention, with a complete overhaul for use on your smartphone. This smartphone release includes the new magicites and events that were introduced in the 2006 remake. Some events have been optimized to be played with user-friendly touch controls.*************************Certain in-game conditions may cause the app to close unexpectedly on select devices. To minimize complications, please take the following precautions when playing:- Save your game data regularly.- Close the game via your device's application manager after exiting.- Should the game not perform properly, power your device off and back on before relaunching.*************************FINAL FANTASY VI cannot be launched on devices running Android 4.4 with Android RunTime (ART) enabled. Please ensure the default runtime is selected before launching the game. But there is one who possesses the lost power of magic--a young girl name Terra whom the evil Empire has kept enslaved in an effort to harness her power as weapon. This leads to a fateful meeting between Terra and a young man named Locke. Their harrowing escape from the Empire's clutches sets in motion a series of events that touches countless lives and leads to one inevitable conclusion.Features All graphics have been painstakingly recreated, bringing the world of FINAL FANTASY VI to your mobile device for the very first time! Kazuko Shibuya, one of the graphics designers involved in the FINAL FANTASY series from the very start, personally worked on the main characters and supervised the recreation of the game's graphics. Square Enix's vast experience in A-list smartphone RPG titles has been harnessed in implementing intuitive user-friendly controls that make the game easy to play on touch screens. The battle interface has received particular attention, with a complete overhaul for use on your smartphone. This smartphone release includes the new magicites and events that were introduced in the 2006 remake. Some events have been optimized to be played with user-friendly touch controls.*************************Certain in-game conditions may cause the app to close unexpectedly on select devices. To minimize complications, please take the following precautions when playing:- Save your game data regularly.- Close the game via your device's application manager after exiting.- Should the game not perform properly, power your device off and back on before relaunching.*************************FINAL FANTASY VI cannot be launched on devices running Android 4.4 with Android RunTime (ART) enabled. Please ensure the default runtime is selected before launching the game. Features All graphics have been painstakingly recreated, bringing the world of FINAL FANTASY VI to your mobile device for the very first time! Kazuko Shibuya, one of the graphics designers involved in the FINAL FANTASY series from the very start, personally worked on the main characters and supervised the recreation of the game's graphics. Square Enix's vast experience in A-list smartphone RPG titles has been harnessed in implementing intuitive user-friendly controls that make the game easy to play on touch screens. The battle interface has received particular attention, with a complete overhaul for use on your smartphone. This smartphone release includes the new magicites and events that were introduced in the 2006 remake. Some events have been optimized to be played with user-friendly touch controls.*************************Certain in-game conditions may cause the app to close unexpectedly on select devices. To minimize complications, please take the following precautions when playing:- Save your game data regularly.- Close the game via your device's application manager after exiting.- Should the game not perform properly, power your device off and back on before relaunching.*************************FINAL FANTASY VI cannot be launched on devices running Android 4.4 with Android RunTime (ART) enabled. Please ensure the default runtime is selected before launching the game.  Square Enix's vast experience in A-list smartphone RPG titles has been harnessed in implementing intuitive user-friendly controls that make the game easy to play on touch screens. The battle interface has received particular attention, with a complete overhaul for use on your smartphone. This smartphone release includes the new magicites and events that were introduced in the 2006 remake. Some events have been optimized to be played with user-friendly touch controls.*************************Certain in-game conditions may cause the app to close unexpectedly on select devices. To minimize complications, please take the following precautions when playing:- Save your game data regularly.- Close the game via your device's application manager after exiting.- Should the game not perform properly, power your device off and back on before relaunching.*************************FINAL FANTASY VI cannot be launched on devices running Android 4.4 with Android RunTime (ART) enabled. Please ensure the default runtime is selected before launching the game.  This smartphone release includes the new magicites and events that were introduced in the 2006 remake. Some events have been optimized to be played with user-friendly touch controls.*************************Certain in-game conditions may cause the app to close unexpectedly on select devices. To minimize complications, please take the following precautions when playing:- Save your game data regularly.- Close the game via your device's application manager after exiting.- Should the game not perform properly, power your device off and back on before relaunching.*************************FINAL FANTASY VI cannot be launched on devices running Android 4.4 with Android RunTime (ART) enabled. Please ensure the default runtime is selected before launching the game.  Some events have been optimized to be played with user-friendly touch controls.*************************Certain in-game conditions may cause the app to close unexpectedly on select devices. To minimize complications, please take the following precautions when playing:- Save your game data regularly.- Close the game via your device's application manager after exiting.- Should the game not perform properly, power your device off and back on before relaunching.*************************FINAL FANTASY VI cannot be launched on devices running Android 4.4 with Android RunTime (ART) enabled. Please ensure the default runtime is selected before launching the game. *************************Certain in-game conditions may cause the app to close unexpectedly on select devices. To minimize complications, please take the following precautions when playing:- Save your game data regularly.- Close the game via your device's application manager after exiting.- Should the game not perform properly, power your device off and back on before relaunching.*************************FINAL FANTASY VI cannot be launched on devices running Android 4.4 with Android RunTime (ART) enabled. Please ensure the default runtime is selected before launching the game.
If you've ever dreamed of owning a brewery, this is your chance!From humble garage beginnings, grow your brewery into a world-renowned symbol of excellence by crafting the best beer in the land.  Research marketplaces and festivals to learn what your public wants, then brew it using realistic ingredients!  Manage your profits to hire new employees, upgrade equipment, and discover new recipes.Running a world-class brewery isn't all pints and parties, though.  Along the way you'll experience a story fraught with rivalry, mystery, and desperately thirsty people.  Will your beer have what it takes to make a difference in their lives?Featuring:  No waiting or in-app purchases.  Play for minutes or hours at a time.  20+ Hours of gameplay in a single playthrough.  60+ Recipes to discover.  20+ Employees to hire.  60+ Randomly selected Events and Competitions.  25+ Marketplaces to research and master.  "New Game +" mode and randomized content for multiple playthroughs.All for less than the price of a pint!  Water you waiting for?  Excitement is brewing!  Don't wait any lager, hop in! From humble garage beginnings, grow your brewery into a world-renowned symbol of excellence by crafting the best beer in the land.  Research marketplaces and festivals to learn what your public wants, then brew it using realistic ingredients!  Manage your profits to hire new employees, upgrade equipment, and discover new recipes.Running a world-class brewery isn't all pints and parties, though.  Along the way you'll experience a story fraught with rivalry, mystery, and desperately thirsty people.  Will your beer have what it takes to make a difference in their lives?Featuring:  No waiting or in-app purchases.  Play for minutes or hours at a time.  20+ Hours of gameplay in a single playthrough.  60+ Recipes to discover.  20+ Employees to hire.  60+ Randomly selected Events and Competitions.  25+ Marketplaces to research and master.  "New Game +" mode and randomized content for multiple playthroughs.All for less than the price of a pint!  Water you waiting for?  Excitement is brewing!  Don't wait any lager, hop in! Running a world-class brewery isn't all pints and parties, though.  Along the way you'll experience a story fraught with rivalry, mystery, and desperately thirsty people.  Will your beer have what it takes to make a difference in their lives?Featuring:  No waiting or in-app purchases.  Play for minutes or hours at a time.  20+ Hours of gameplay in a single playthrough.  60+ Recipes to discover.  20+ Employees to hire.  60+ Randomly selected Events and Competitions.  25+ Marketplaces to research and master.  "New Game +" mode and randomized content for multiple playthroughs.All for less than the price of a pint!  Water you waiting for?  Excitement is brewing!  Don't wait any lager, hop in! Featuring:  No waiting or in-app purchases.  Play for minutes or hours at a time.  20+ Hours of gameplay in a single playthrough.  60+ Recipes to discover.  20+ Employees to hire.  60+ Randomly selected Events and Competitions.  25+ Marketplaces to research and master.  "New Game +" mode and randomized content for multiple playthroughs.All for less than the price of a pint!  Water you waiting for?  Excitement is brewing!  Don't wait any lager, hop in!   No waiting or in-app purchases.  Play for minutes or hours at a time.  20+ Hours of gameplay in a single playthrough.  60+ Recipes to discover.  20+ Employees to hire.  60+ Randomly selected Events and Competitions.  25+ Marketplaces to research and master.  "New Game +" mode and randomized content for multiple playthroughs.All for less than the price of a pint!  Water you waiting for?  Excitement is brewing!  Don't wait any lager, hop in! All for less than the price of a pint!  Water you waiting for?  Excitement is brewing!  Don't wait any lager, hop in!
The acclaimed Gangstar series is back on Android devices to offer you a whole new place to have criminally good fun!Youll never experience a better way to discover Rio de Janeiro!  SEE RIO AND FIGHT For the first time ever in a sandbox game, explore the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Discover 5 different neighborhoods including the favelas, business district, beaches and jungle. Also, for the first time in the Gangstar series, explore indoor environments fully realized in 3D. ITS A LONG WAY TO THE TOPOver 60 varied missions to complete, plus dozens of random events to give you hours of fun. Kill corrupt politicians, protect witnesses, deliver special packages, steal cars and find out who tried to kill you and leave you for dead. SAY HELLO TO MY LITTLE FRIENDSAccess a wide range of weapons like handguns, rifles, bazookas and grenades plus a new local specialty: the Explosive Football.Also drive dozens of vehicles including planes, helicopters and a tank, and of course, you can steal, purchase and collect dozens of cars and motorbikes. HAVE IT YOUR WAYYou can now customize your character. Unlock numerous shirts, pants, hats, glasses and more that you can collect and use to customize your character.ENTER THE REAL BRAZILThe realism has been pushed even further thanks to various radio stations broadcasting hip hop, electro and funk music with several licensed tracks:- World Town - M.I.A. - Office Boy - Bonde do Role - Lingua de Tamandu - MV BillCertain apps allow you to purchase virtual items within the app and may contain third party advertisements that may redirect you to a third party site.Privacy Policy : http://www.gameloft.com/privacy-notice/Terms of Use : http://www.gameloft.com/conditions/End User License Agreement : http://www.gameloft.com/eula/ Certain apps allow you to purchase virtual items within the app and may contain third party advertisements that may redirect you to a third party site.Privacy Policy : http://www.gameloft.com/privacy-notice/Terms of Use : http://www.gameloft.com/conditions/End User License Agreement : http://www.gameloft.com/eula/ Privacy Policy : http://www.gameloft.com/privacy-notice/Terms of Use : http://www.gameloft.com/conditions/End User License Agreement : http://www.gameloft.com/eula/
Roll up on a dangerous new trip through the City of Sin in the latest episode of the acclaimed open-world action game!Get ready for fun, immersive, and wild gun wars!* Because of the high-quality graphics used in this game, once it's installed on your device, this title will use 2.5 GB of space. *WELCOME TO OUTRAGEOUS LAS VEGAS Play as a mixed martial arts (MMA) fighter in a BLOCKBUSTER STORY MODE Make your way through 80 MISSIONS filled with action Build up a gangster squad to take over Vegas and win mafia warsENDLESS SANDBOX FUN Explore a BIGGER CITY, 9x the size of the previous Gangstar game Perform amazing stunts with ragdoll effects making use of HAVOK PHYSICS Climb the leaderboards in tough CHALLENGES including air, water and street racing, MMA fighting & more! Become Vegas's finest shooter in Carnage & Heist modes Break the bank in addictive CASINO GAMESA RIDE ON THE WILD SIDE Access INSANE WEAPONS like Molotov cocktails, flamethrowers & an electric guitar! Drive CRAZY VEHICLES including monster trucks, muscle cars & fighter jets UPGRADE YOUR SKILLS & GEAR and customize their appearance Enjoy an amazing soundtrack featuring Skrillex, Kavinsky, Chromatics and more Game storyline:In this third-person shooter action game, you will play as a rising MMA champion. Framed by the mafia, you are supposed to throw your bout at the fighting event of the year. But when your opponent beats you to the punch and goes down first, famous crime lord Frank Velianos perfect plan goes down too. You have just become the most wanted man in the city. In a place where crime is everywhere, you will have to hold your gun tightly and take part in the wildest mafia wars ever! Welcome to Las Vegas, where fortunes are made and lives are lost with a roll of the dice!This game supports smartphones and tablets running Android 2.3 and up.----Visit our official site at http://www.gameloft.comFollow us on Twitter at http://glft.co/GameloftonTwitter or like us on Facebook at http://facebook.com/Gameloft to get more info about all our upcoming titles.Check out our videos and game trailers on http://www.youtube.com/GameloftDiscover our blog at http://glft.co/Gameloft_Official_Blog for the inside scoop on everything Gameloft.Certain apps allow you to purchase virtual items within the app and may contain third party advertisements that may redirect you to a third party site.Privacy Policy : http://www.gameloft.com/privacy-notice/Terms of Use : http://www.gameloft.com/conditions/End User License Agreement : http://www.gameloft.com/eula/ * Because of the high-quality graphics used in this game, once it's installed on your device, this title will use 2.5 GB of space. *WELCOME TO OUTRAGEOUS LAS VEGAS Play as a mixed martial arts (MMA) fighter in a BLOCKBUSTER STORY MODE Make your way through 80 MISSIONS filled with action Build up a gangster squad to take over Vegas and win mafia warsENDLESS SANDBOX FUN Explore a BIGGER CITY, 9x the size of the previous Gangstar game Perform amazing stunts with ragdoll effects making use of HAVOK PHYSICS Climb the leaderboards in tough CHALLENGES including air, water and street racing, MMA fighting & more! Become Vegas's finest shooter in Carnage & Heist modes Break the bank in addictive CASINO GAMESA RIDE ON THE WILD SIDE Access INSANE WEAPONS like Molotov cocktails, flamethrowers & an electric guitar! Drive CRAZY VEHICLES including monster trucks, muscle cars & fighter jets UPGRADE YOUR SKILLS & GEAR and customize their appearance Enjoy an amazing soundtrack featuring Skrillex, Kavinsky, Chromatics and more Game storyline:In this third-person shooter action game, you will play as a rising MMA champion. Framed by the mafia, you are supposed to throw your bout at the fighting event of the year. But when your opponent beats you to the punch and goes down first, famous crime lord Frank Velianos perfect plan goes down too. You have just become the most wanted man in the city. In a place where crime is everywhere, you will have to hold your gun tightly and take part in the wildest mafia wars ever! Welcome to Las Vegas, where fortunes are made and lives are lost with a roll of the dice!This game supports smartphones and tablets running Android 2.3 and up.----Visit our official site at http://www.gameloft.comFollow us on Twitter at http://glft.co/GameloftonTwitter or like us on Facebook at http://facebook.com/Gameloft to get more info about all our upcoming titles.Check out our videos and game trailers on http://www.youtube.com/GameloftDiscover our blog at http://glft.co/Gameloft_Official_Blog for the inside scoop on everything Gameloft.Certain apps allow you to purchase virtual items within the app and may contain third party advertisements that may redirect you to a third party site.Privacy Policy : http://www.gameloft.com/privacy-notice/Terms of Use : http://www.gameloft.com/conditions/End User License Agreement : http://www.gameloft.com/eula/ WELCOME TO OUTRAGEOUS LAS VEGAS Play as a mixed martial arts (MMA) fighter in a BLOCKBUSTER STORY MODE Make your way through 80 MISSIONS filled with action Build up a gangster squad to take over Vegas and win mafia warsENDLESS SANDBOX FUN Explore a BIGGER CITY, 9x the size of the previous Gangstar game Perform amazing stunts with ragdoll effects making use of HAVOK PHYSICS Climb the leaderboards in tough CHALLENGES including air, water and street racing, MMA fighting & more! Become Vegas's finest shooter in Carnage & Heist modes Break the bank in addictive CASINO GAMESA RIDE ON THE WILD SIDE Access INSANE WEAPONS like Molotov cocktails, flamethrowers & an electric guitar! Drive CRAZY VEHICLES including monster trucks, muscle cars & fighter jets UPGRADE YOUR SKILLS & GEAR and customize their appearance Enjoy an amazing soundtrack featuring Skrillex, Kavinsky, Chromatics and more Game storyline:In this third-person shooter action game, you will play as a rising MMA champion. Framed by the mafia, you are supposed to throw your bout at the fighting event of the year. But when your opponent beats you to the punch and goes down first, famous crime lord Frank Velianos perfect plan goes down too. You have just become the most wanted man in the city. In a place where crime is everywhere, you will have to hold your gun tightly and take part in the wildest mafia wars ever! Welcome to Las Vegas, where fortunes are made and lives are lost with a roll of the dice!This game supports smartphones and tablets running Android 2.3 and up.----Visit our official site at http://www.gameloft.comFollow us on Twitter at http://glft.co/GameloftonTwitter or like us on Facebook at http://facebook.com/Gameloft to get more info about all our upcoming titles.Check out our videos and game trailers on http://www.youtube.com/GameloftDiscover our blog at http://glft.co/Gameloft_Official_Blog for the inside scoop on everything Gameloft.Certain apps allow you to purchase virtual items within the app and may contain third party advertisements that may redirect you to a third party site.Privacy Policy : http://www.gameloft.com/privacy-notice/Terms of Use : http://www.gameloft.com/conditions/End User License Agreement : http://www.gameloft.com/eula/ ENDLESS SANDBOX FUN Explore a BIGGER CITY, 9x the size of the previous Gangstar game Perform amazing stunts with ragdoll effects making use of HAVOK PHYSICS Climb the leaderboards in tough CHALLENGES including air, water and street racing, MMA fighting & more! Become Vegas's finest shooter in Carnage & Heist modes Break the bank in addictive CASINO GAMESA RIDE ON THE WILD SIDE Access INSANE WEAPONS like Molotov cocktails, flamethrowers & an electric guitar! Drive CRAZY VEHICLES including monster trucks, muscle cars & fighter jets UPGRADE YOUR SKILLS & GEAR and customize their appearance Enjoy an amazing soundtrack featuring Skrillex, Kavinsky, Chromatics and more Game storyline:In this third-person shooter action game, you will play as a rising MMA champion. Framed by the mafia, you are supposed to throw your bout at the fighting event of the year. But when your opponent beats you to the punch and goes down first, famous crime lord Frank Velianos perfect plan goes down too. You have just become the most wanted man in the city. In a place where crime is everywhere, you will have to hold your gun tightly and take part in the wildest mafia wars ever! Welcome to Las Vegas, where fortunes are made and lives are lost with a roll of the dice!This game supports smartphones and tablets running Android 2.3 and up.----Visit our official site at http://www.gameloft.comFollow us on Twitter at http://glft.co/GameloftonTwitter or like us on Facebook at http://facebook.com/Gameloft to get more info about all our upcoming titles.Check out our videos and game trailers on http://www.youtube.com/GameloftDiscover our blog at http://glft.co/Gameloft_Official_Blog for the inside scoop on everything Gameloft.Certain apps allow you to purchase virtual items within the app and may contain third party advertisements that may redirect you to a third party site.Privacy Policy : http://www.gameloft.com/privacy-notice/Terms of Use : http://www.gameloft.com/conditions/End User License Agreement : http://www.gameloft.com/eula/ A RIDE ON THE WILD SIDE Access INSANE WEAPONS like Molotov cocktails, flamethrowers & an electric guitar! Drive CRAZY VEHICLES including monster trucks, muscle cars & fighter jets UPGRADE YOUR SKILLS & GEAR and customize their appearance Enjoy an amazing soundtrack featuring Skrillex, Kavinsky, Chromatics and more Game storyline:In this third-person shooter action game, you will play as a rising MMA champion. Framed by the mafia, you are supposed to throw your bout at the fighting event of the year. But when your opponent beats you to the punch and goes down first, famous crime lord Frank Velianos perfect plan goes down too. You have just become the most wanted man in the city. In a place where crime is everywhere, you will have to hold your gun tightly and take part in the wildest mafia wars ever! Welcome to Las Vegas, where fortunes are made and lives are lost with a roll of the dice!This game supports smartphones and tablets running Android 2.3 and up.----Visit our official site at http://www.gameloft.comFollow us on Twitter at http://glft.co/GameloftonTwitter or like us on Facebook at http://facebook.com/Gameloft to get more info about all our upcoming titles.Check out our videos and game trailers on http://www.youtube.com/GameloftDiscover our blog at http://glft.co/Gameloft_Official_Blog for the inside scoop on everything Gameloft.Certain apps allow you to purchase virtual items within the app and may contain third party advertisements that may redirect you to a third party site.Privacy Policy : http://www.gameloft.com/privacy-notice/Terms of Use : http://www.gameloft.com/conditions/End User License Agreement : http://www.gameloft.com/eula/ Game storyline:In this third-person shooter action game, you will play as a rising MMA champion. Framed by the mafia, you are supposed to throw your bout at the fighting event of the year. But when your opponent beats you to the punch and goes down first, famous crime lord Frank Velianos perfect plan goes down too. You have just become the most wanted man in the city. In a place where crime is everywhere, you will have to hold your gun tightly and take part in the wildest mafia wars ever! Welcome to Las Vegas, where fortunes are made and lives are lost with a roll of the dice!This game supports smartphones and tablets running Android 2.3 and up.----Visit our official site at http://www.gameloft.comFollow us on Twitter at http://glft.co/GameloftonTwitter or like us on Facebook at http://facebook.com/Gameloft to get more info about all our upcoming titles.Check out our videos and game trailers on http://www.youtube.com/GameloftDiscover our blog at http://glft.co/Gameloft_Official_Blog for the inside scoop on everything Gameloft.Certain apps allow you to purchase virtual items within the app and may contain third party advertisements that may redirect you to a third party site.Privacy Policy : http://www.gameloft.com/privacy-notice/Terms of Use : http://www.gameloft.com/conditions/End User License Agreement : http://www.gameloft.com/eula/ This game supports smartphones and tablets running Android 2.3 and up.----Visit our official site at http://www.gameloft.comFollow us on Twitter at http://glft.co/GameloftonTwitter or like us on Facebook at http://facebook.com/Gameloft to get more info about all our upcoming titles.Check out our videos and game trailers on http://www.youtube.com/GameloftDiscover our blog at http://glft.co/Gameloft_Official_Blog for the inside scoop on everything Gameloft.Certain apps allow you to purchase virtual items within the app and may contain third party advertisements that may redirect you to a third party site.Privacy Policy : http://www.gameloft.com/privacy-notice/Terms of Use : http://www.gameloft.com/conditions/End User License Agreement : http://www.gameloft.com/eula/ ----Visit our official site at http://www.gameloft.comFollow us on Twitter at http://glft.co/GameloftonTwitter or like us on Facebook at http://facebook.com/Gameloft to get more info about all our upcoming titles.Check out our videos and game trailers on http://www.youtube.com/GameloftDiscover our blog at http://glft.co/Gameloft_Official_Blog for the inside scoop on everything Gameloft.Certain apps allow you to purchase virtual items within the app and may contain third party advertisements that may redirect you to a third party site.Privacy Policy : http://www.gameloft.com/privacy-notice/Terms of Use : http://www.gameloft.com/conditions/End User License Agreement : http://www.gameloft.com/eula/ Certain apps allow you to purchase virtual items within the app and may contain third party advertisements that may redirect you to a third party site.Privacy Policy : http://www.gameloft.com/privacy-notice/Terms of Use : http://www.gameloft.com/conditions/End User License Agreement : http://www.gameloft.com/eula/ Privacy Policy : http://www.gameloft.com/privacy-notice/Terms of Use : http://www.gameloft.com/conditions/End User License Agreement : http://www.gameloft.com/eula/
Explore the woods and mud bay in this paradise and become a hero or the king. Challenge yourself and build your own epic town, city or farm. Forge charming and grand spaces and marvel at your own vivid shed, camp and relic. Have fun in this epic farm simulation game.Things to do in this paradise city filled with Joyride , Adventure and Excitement! Use a sword or axe to breach through the Lush woods and venture through star flow obstacle Forge royal houses and royal buildings from lively woods to live in star flowMake your own fortune story - become a ranch ninja and grow and harvest crops, fruits and vegetables to survive and win daily rewards in this powerhouse Paradise Fortune Bay Joyride to your own blissfull shed in this Paradise Fortune Bay. Complete with garden,flowers,trees,houses and vegetation ! Forge your own mud fortress of venture in a Paradise City Dare yourself to Team Challenges and other Limited Edition expedition Get bonus resources during time bound sales events or by harvesting debris Joyride to a Epic Landscape.Forge your way through obstacles in adventure! Board the force and draw honor rewards like sword, gold, spirit and silver coins to progress in the game Play mini games, quests and team challenges on other enchanted paradise star flow Compete with friends like mud wizard on social team challenges and win big honor Spawn your country escape and explore this Island. Build a muddy township or city from the land for your neighbors. Become an adventure capitalist and help the heroes and characters settle into their city or township from other Royal Arty Customize the land as you want it. Make enchanted dairy farm, an enchanted village city or a subway out of this castaway paradise. Decorate your land with many collectibles in frontierville.Join the Royal Arty quest in the exploration of legend King Lionheart's secret and adventurous past ! Subdue and breathe life into the lost woods . Convert it from a Murky Shed to a lush world with plenty of water, sunshine and twisty road.  Come all ye heroes! The muddy powerhouse paradise awaits! Raise your crooked suspense in a clash of crooked times! Whether you are adventurous want to pass time.. Challenge yourself down this crossy road. Join our crooked vagabond heroes in this country escape to an island to discover and explore King Lionheart's township, lost with the advent of the lost age time.Enjoy the original of all role play,multiplayer Rockyou games (Shipwrecked, Westbound, Goldrush, Volcano Island, Skull Island & New World). Supported on most smartphones and tablets. Note: You must be at least 13 years of age to play or download this game. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.There are no cheats for this shipwrecked game.~~~~~NOTE~~~~~IN-APP PAYMENTS: The game is free to play, but you can buy special items to use in the game.NOTE TO PARENTS: This game may include direct links to social networking sites that are intended for an audience that is at least 13 years of age; direct links to the internet with the potential to browse any web page; and advertising of RockYou products and products from select partners." Things to do in this paradise city filled with Joyride , Adventure and Excitement! Use a sword or axe to breach through the Lush woods and venture through star flow obstacle Forge royal houses and royal buildings from lively woods to live in star flowMake your own fortune story - become a ranch ninja and grow and harvest crops, fruits and vegetables to survive and win daily rewards in this powerhouse Paradise Fortune Bay Joyride to your own blissfull shed in this Paradise Fortune Bay. Complete with garden,flowers,trees,houses and vegetation ! Forge your own mud fortress of venture in a Paradise City Dare yourself to Team Challenges and other Limited Edition expedition Get bonus resources during time bound sales events or by harvesting debris Joyride to a Epic Landscape.Forge your way through obstacles in adventure! Board the force and draw honor rewards like sword, gold, spirit and silver coins to progress in the game Play mini games, quests and team challenges on other enchanted paradise star flow Compete with friends like mud wizard on social team challenges and win big honor Spawn your country escape and explore this Island. Build a muddy township or city from the land for your neighbors. Become an adventure capitalist and help the heroes and characters settle into their city or township from other Royal Arty Customize the land as you want it. Make enchanted dairy farm, an enchanted village city or a subway out of this castaway paradise. Decorate your land with many collectibles in frontierville.Join the Royal Arty quest in the exploration of legend King Lionheart's secret and adventurous past ! Subdue and breathe life into the lost woods . Convert it from a Murky Shed to a lush world with plenty of water, sunshine and twisty road.  Come all ye heroes! The muddy powerhouse paradise awaits! Raise your crooked suspense in a clash of crooked times! Whether you are adventurous want to pass time.. Challenge yourself down this crossy road. Join our crooked vagabond heroes in this country escape to an island to discover and explore King Lionheart's township, lost with the advent of the lost age time.Enjoy the original of all role play,multiplayer Rockyou games (Shipwrecked, Westbound, Goldrush, Volcano Island, Skull Island & New World). Supported on most smartphones and tablets. Note: You must be at least 13 years of age to play or download this game. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.There are no cheats for this shipwrecked game.~~~~~NOTE~~~~~IN-APP PAYMENTS: The game is free to play, but you can buy special items to use in the game.NOTE TO PARENTS: This game may include direct links to social networking sites that are intended for an audience that is at least 13 years of age; direct links to the internet with the potential to browse any web page; and advertising of RockYou products and products from select partners." Join the Royal Arty quest in the exploration of legend King Lionheart's secret and adventurous past ! Subdue and breathe life into the lost woods . Convert it from a Murky Shed to a lush world with plenty of water, sunshine and twisty road.  Come all ye heroes! The muddy powerhouse paradise awaits! Raise your crooked suspense in a clash of crooked times! Whether you are adventurous want to pass time.. Challenge yourself down this crossy road. Join our crooked vagabond heroes in this country escape to an island to discover and explore King Lionheart's township, lost with the advent of the lost age time.Enjoy the original of all role play,multiplayer Rockyou games (Shipwrecked, Westbound, Goldrush, Volcano Island, Skull Island & New World). Supported on most smartphones and tablets. Note: You must be at least 13 years of age to play or download this game. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.There are no cheats for this shipwrecked game.~~~~~NOTE~~~~~IN-APP PAYMENTS: The game is free to play, but you can buy special items to use in the game.NOTE TO PARENTS: This game may include direct links to social networking sites that are intended for an audience that is at least 13 years of age; direct links to the internet with the potential to browse any web page; and advertising of RockYou products and products from select partners." Come all ye heroes! The muddy powerhouse paradise awaits! Raise your crooked suspense in a clash of crooked times! Whether you are adventurous want to pass time.. Challenge yourself down this crossy road. Join our crooked vagabond heroes in this country escape to an island to discover and explore King Lionheart's township, lost with the advent of the lost age time.Enjoy the original of all role play,multiplayer Rockyou games (Shipwrecked, Westbound, Goldrush, Volcano Island, Skull Island & New World). Supported on most smartphones and tablets. Note: You must be at least 13 years of age to play or download this game. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.There are no cheats for this shipwrecked game.~~~~~NOTE~~~~~IN-APP PAYMENTS: The game is free to play, but you can buy special items to use in the game.NOTE TO PARENTS: This game may include direct links to social networking sites that are intended for an audience that is at least 13 years of age; direct links to the internet with the potential to browse any web page; and advertising of RockYou products and products from select partners." Enjoy the original of all role play,multiplayer Rockyou games (Shipwrecked, Westbound, Goldrush, Volcano Island, Skull Island & New World). Supported on most smartphones and tablets. Note: You must be at least 13 years of age to play or download this game. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.There are no cheats for this shipwrecked game.~~~~~NOTE~~~~~IN-APP PAYMENTS: The game is free to play, but you can buy special items to use in the game.NOTE TO PARENTS: This game may include direct links to social networking sites that are intended for an audience that is at least 13 years of age; direct links to the internet with the potential to browse any web page; and advertising of RockYou products and products from select partners." Note: You must be at least 13 years of age to play or download this game. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.There are no cheats for this shipwrecked game.~~~~~NOTE~~~~~IN-APP PAYMENTS: The game is free to play, but you can buy special items to use in the game.NOTE TO PARENTS: This game may include direct links to social networking sites that are intended for an audience that is at least 13 years of age; direct links to the internet with the potential to browse any web page; and advertising of RockYou products and products from select partners." ~~~~~NOTE~~~~~IN-APP PAYMENTS: The game is free to play, but you can buy special items to use in the game.NOTE TO PARENTS: This game may include direct links to social networking sites that are intended for an audience that is at least 13 years of age; direct links to the internet with the potential to browse any web page; and advertising of RockYou products and products from select partners." IN-APP PAYMENTS: The game is free to play, but you can buy special items to use in the game.NOTE TO PARENTS: This game may include direct links to social networking sites that are intended for an audience that is at least 13 years of age; direct links to the internet with the potential to browse any web page; and advertising of RockYou products and products from select partners."
The sprawling crime epic that changed open-world games forever.Welcome to Liberty City. Where it all began. Rockstar Games celebrates the 10th anniversary of one of the most influential games of all time.  The critically acclaimed blockbuster Grand Theft Auto III comes to mobile devices, bringing to life the dark and seedy underworld of Liberty City. With a massive and diverse open world, a wild cast of characters from every walk of life and the freedom to explore at will, Grand Theft Auto III puts the dark, intriguing and ruthless world of crime at your fingertips.With stellar voice acting, a darkly comic storyline, a stunning soundtrack and revolutionary open-world gameplay, Grand Theft Auto III is the game that defined the open world genre for a generation. Features: Visually stunning updated graphics, character and vehicle models HD quality resolution Gameplay optimized for touch screen devices Custom controls for the mobile platform Countless hours of gameplay Gamepad Support for select USB controllers Integrated with Immersion Haptic Vibration Feedback Tailor your visual experience with new video display settingsLanguages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish & Japanese.For optimal performance, we recommend re-booting your device after downloading and closing other applications when playing Grand Theft Auto III: 10 Year Anniversary Edition.Please ensure you have at least 1GB of free space before installing Grand Theft Auto III: 10 Year Anniversary Edition.******************************************************* For more information about Grand Theft Auto III: 10 Year Anniversary Edition, visit:http://www.rockstargames.com/newswire/tags#?tags=501For technical support, visit:http://support.rockstargames.com/forums/20575411-GTA-III-for-Android-iOS?locale=1 Port developed by War Drum Studioshttp://www.wardrumstudios.com Welcome to Liberty City. Where it all began. Rockstar Games celebrates the 10th anniversary of one of the most influential games of all time.  The critically acclaimed blockbuster Grand Theft Auto III comes to mobile devices, bringing to life the dark and seedy underworld of Liberty City. With a massive and diverse open world, a wild cast of characters from every walk of life and the freedom to explore at will, Grand Theft Auto III puts the dark, intriguing and ruthless world of crime at your fingertips.With stellar voice acting, a darkly comic storyline, a stunning soundtrack and revolutionary open-world gameplay, Grand Theft Auto III is the game that defined the open world genre for a generation. Features: Visually stunning updated graphics, character and vehicle models HD quality resolution Gameplay optimized for touch screen devices Custom controls for the mobile platform Countless hours of gameplay Gamepad Support for select USB controllers Integrated with Immersion Haptic Vibration Feedback Tailor your visual experience with new video display settingsLanguages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish & Japanese.For optimal performance, we recommend re-booting your device after downloading and closing other applications when playing Grand Theft Auto III: 10 Year Anniversary Edition.Please ensure you have at least 1GB of free space before installing Grand Theft Auto III: 10 Year Anniversary Edition.******************************************************* For more information about Grand Theft Auto III: 10 Year Anniversary Edition, visit:http://www.rockstargames.com/newswire/tags#?tags=501For technical support, visit:http://support.rockstargames.com/forums/20575411-GTA-III-for-Android-iOS?locale=1 Port developed by War Drum Studioshttp://www.wardrumstudios.com With stellar voice acting, a darkly comic storyline, a stunning soundtrack and revolutionary open-world gameplay, Grand Theft Auto III is the game that defined the open world genre for a generation. Features: Visually stunning updated graphics, character and vehicle models HD quality resolution Gameplay optimized for touch screen devices Custom controls for the mobile platform Countless hours of gameplay Gamepad Support for select USB controllers Integrated with Immersion Haptic Vibration Feedback Tailor your visual experience with new video display settingsLanguages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish & Japanese.For optimal performance, we recommend re-booting your device after downloading and closing other applications when playing Grand Theft Auto III: 10 Year Anniversary Edition.Please ensure you have at least 1GB of free space before installing Grand Theft Auto III: 10 Year Anniversary Edition.******************************************************* For more information about Grand Theft Auto III: 10 Year Anniversary Edition, visit:http://www.rockstargames.com/newswire/tags#?tags=501For technical support, visit:http://support.rockstargames.com/forums/20575411-GTA-III-for-Android-iOS?locale=1 Port developed by War Drum Studioshttp://www.wardrumstudios.com Languages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish & Japanese.For optimal performance, we recommend re-booting your device after downloading and closing other applications when playing Grand Theft Auto III: 10 Year Anniversary Edition.Please ensure you have at least 1GB of free space before installing Grand Theft Auto III: 10 Year Anniversary Edition.******************************************************* For more information about Grand Theft Auto III: 10 Year Anniversary Edition, visit:http://www.rockstargames.com/newswire/tags#?tags=501For technical support, visit:http://support.rockstargames.com/forums/20575411-GTA-III-for-Android-iOS?locale=1 Port developed by War Drum Studioshttp://www.wardrumstudios.com For optimal performance, we recommend re-booting your device after downloading and closing other applications when playing Grand Theft Auto III: 10 Year Anniversary Edition.Please ensure you have at least 1GB of free space before installing Grand Theft Auto III: 10 Year Anniversary Edition.******************************************************* For more information about Grand Theft Auto III: 10 Year Anniversary Edition, visit:http://www.rockstargames.com/newswire/tags#?tags=501For technical support, visit:http://support.rockstargames.com/forums/20575411-GTA-III-for-Android-iOS?locale=1 Port developed by War Drum Studioshttp://www.wardrumstudios.com Please ensure you have at least 1GB of free space before installing Grand Theft Auto III: 10 Year Anniversary Edition.******************************************************* For more information about Grand Theft Auto III: 10 Year Anniversary Edition, visit:http://www.rockstargames.com/newswire/tags#?tags=501For technical support, visit:http://support.rockstargames.com/forums/20575411-GTA-III-for-Android-iOS?locale=1 Port developed by War Drum Studioshttp://www.wardrumstudios.com ******************************************************* For more information about Grand Theft Auto III: 10 Year Anniversary Edition, visit:http://www.rockstargames.com/newswire/tags#?tags=501For technical support, visit:http://support.rockstargames.com/forums/20575411-GTA-III-for-Android-iOS?locale=1 Port developed by War Drum Studioshttp://www.wardrumstudios.com For more information about Grand Theft Auto III: 10 Year Anniversary Edition, visit:http://www.rockstargames.com/newswire/tags#?tags=501For technical support, visit:http://support.rockstargames.com/forums/20575411-GTA-III-for-Android-iOS?locale=1 Port developed by War Drum Studioshttp://www.wardrumstudios.com For technical support, visit:http://support.rockstargames.com/forums/20575411-GTA-III-for-Android-iOS?locale=1 Port developed by War Drum Studioshttp://www.wardrumstudios.com Port developed by War Drum Studioshttp://www.wardrumstudios.com
Five years ago, Carl Johnson escaped from the pressures of life in Los Santos, San Andreas, a city tearing itself apart with gang trouble, drugs and corruption. Where filmstars and millionaires do their best to avoid the dealers and gangbangers.Now, its the early 90s. Carls got to go home. His mother has been murdered, his family has fallen apart and his childhood friends are all heading towards disaster.On his return to the neighborhood, a couple of corrupt cops frame him for homicide. CJ is forced on a journey that takes him across the entire state of San Andreas, to save his family and to take control of the streets.Rockstar Games brings its biggest release to mobile yet with a vast open-world covering the state of San Andreas and its three major cities  Los Santos, San Fierro and Las Venturas  with enhanced visual fidelity and over 70 hours of gameplay.Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas features:   Remastered, high-resolution graphics built specifically for mobile including lighting enhancements, an enriched color palette and improved character models.  Cloud save support for playing across all your mobile devices for Rockstar Social Club Members. Dual analog stick controls for full camera and movement control. Three different control schemes and customizable controls with contextual options to display buttons only when you need them. Compatible with the MoGa Wireless Game Controllers and select Bluetooth and USB gamepads. Integrated with Immersion tactile effects.  Tailor your visual experience with adjustable graphic settings. Languages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russian and Japanese. For optimal performance, we recommend re-booting your device after downloading and closing other applications when playing Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas. For information about supported devices and compatibility, please see:http://support.rockstargames.com/hc/en-us/sections/200251868-San-Andreas-Mobile-SupportMobile Version developed by War Drum Studioswww.wardrumstudios.comFind out more:www.rockstargames.comSee videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargamesFollow us:www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames Now, its the early 90s. Carls got to go home. His mother has been murdered, his family has fallen apart and his childhood friends are all heading towards disaster.On his return to the neighborhood, a couple of corrupt cops frame him for homicide. CJ is forced on a journey that takes him across the entire state of San Andreas, to save his family and to take control of the streets.Rockstar Games brings its biggest release to mobile yet with a vast open-world covering the state of San Andreas and its three major cities  Los Santos, San Fierro and Las Venturas  with enhanced visual fidelity and over 70 hours of gameplay.Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas features:   Remastered, high-resolution graphics built specifically for mobile including lighting enhancements, an enriched color palette and improved character models.  Cloud save support for playing across all your mobile devices for Rockstar Social Club Members. Dual analog stick controls for full camera and movement control. Three different control schemes and customizable controls with contextual options to display buttons only when you need them. Compatible with the MoGa Wireless Game Controllers and select Bluetooth and USB gamepads. Integrated with Immersion tactile effects.  Tailor your visual experience with adjustable graphic settings. Languages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russian and Japanese. For optimal performance, we recommend re-booting your device after downloading and closing other applications when playing Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas. For information about supported devices and compatibility, please see:http://support.rockstargames.com/hc/en-us/sections/200251868-San-Andreas-Mobile-SupportMobile Version developed by War Drum Studioswww.wardrumstudios.comFind out more:www.rockstargames.comSee videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargamesFollow us:www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames On his return to the neighborhood, a couple of corrupt cops frame him for homicide. CJ is forced on a journey that takes him across the entire state of San Andreas, to save his family and to take control of the streets.Rockstar Games brings its biggest release to mobile yet with a vast open-world covering the state of San Andreas and its three major cities  Los Santos, San Fierro and Las Venturas  with enhanced visual fidelity and over 70 hours of gameplay.Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas features:   Remastered, high-resolution graphics built specifically for mobile including lighting enhancements, an enriched color palette and improved character models.  Cloud save support for playing across all your mobile devices for Rockstar Social Club Members. Dual analog stick controls for full camera and movement control. Three different control schemes and customizable controls with contextual options to display buttons only when you need them. Compatible with the MoGa Wireless Game Controllers and select Bluetooth and USB gamepads. Integrated with Immersion tactile effects.  Tailor your visual experience with adjustable graphic settings. Languages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russian and Japanese. For optimal performance, we recommend re-booting your device after downloading and closing other applications when playing Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas. For information about supported devices and compatibility, please see:http://support.rockstargames.com/hc/en-us/sections/200251868-San-Andreas-Mobile-SupportMobile Version developed by War Drum Studioswww.wardrumstudios.comFind out more:www.rockstargames.comSee videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargamesFollow us:www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames Rockstar Games brings its biggest release to mobile yet with a vast open-world covering the state of San Andreas and its three major cities  Los Santos, San Fierro and Las Venturas  with enhanced visual fidelity and over 70 hours of gameplay.Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas features:   Remastered, high-resolution graphics built specifically for mobile including lighting enhancements, an enriched color palette and improved character models.  Cloud save support for playing across all your mobile devices for Rockstar Social Club Members. Dual analog stick controls for full camera and movement control. Three different control schemes and customizable controls with contextual options to display buttons only when you need them. Compatible with the MoGa Wireless Game Controllers and select Bluetooth and USB gamepads. Integrated with Immersion tactile effects.  Tailor your visual experience with adjustable graphic settings. Languages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russian and Japanese. For optimal performance, we recommend re-booting your device after downloading and closing other applications when playing Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas. For information about supported devices and compatibility, please see:http://support.rockstargames.com/hc/en-us/sections/200251868-San-Andreas-Mobile-SupportMobile Version developed by War Drum Studioswww.wardrumstudios.comFind out more:www.rockstargames.comSee videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargamesFollow us:www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas features:   Remastered, high-resolution graphics built specifically for mobile including lighting enhancements, an enriched color palette and improved character models.  Cloud save support for playing across all your mobile devices for Rockstar Social Club Members. Dual analog stick controls for full camera and movement control. Three different control schemes and customizable controls with contextual options to display buttons only when you need them. Compatible with the MoGa Wireless Game Controllers and select Bluetooth and USB gamepads. Integrated with Immersion tactile effects.  Tailor your visual experience with adjustable graphic settings. Languages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russian and Japanese. For optimal performance, we recommend re-booting your device after downloading and closing other applications when playing Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas. For information about supported devices and compatibility, please see:http://support.rockstargames.com/hc/en-us/sections/200251868-San-Andreas-Mobile-SupportMobile Version developed by War Drum Studioswww.wardrumstudios.comFind out more:www.rockstargames.comSee videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargamesFollow us:www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames Languages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russian and Japanese. For optimal performance, we recommend re-booting your device after downloading and closing other applications when playing Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas. For information about supported devices and compatibility, please see:http://support.rockstargames.com/hc/en-us/sections/200251868-San-Andreas-Mobile-SupportMobile Version developed by War Drum Studioswww.wardrumstudios.comFind out more:www.rockstargames.comSee videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargamesFollow us:www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames For optimal performance, we recommend re-booting your device after downloading and closing other applications when playing Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas. For information about supported devices and compatibility, please see:http://support.rockstargames.com/hc/en-us/sections/200251868-San-Andreas-Mobile-SupportMobile Version developed by War Drum Studioswww.wardrumstudios.comFind out more:www.rockstargames.comSee videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargamesFollow us:www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames For information about supported devices and compatibility, please see:http://support.rockstargames.com/hc/en-us/sections/200251868-San-Andreas-Mobile-SupportMobile Version developed by War Drum Studioswww.wardrumstudios.comFind out more:www.rockstargames.comSee videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargamesFollow us:www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames Mobile Version developed by War Drum Studioswww.wardrumstudios.comFind out more:www.rockstargames.comSee videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargamesFollow us:www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames Find out more:www.rockstargames.comSee videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargamesFollow us:www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames See videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargamesFollow us:www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames Follow us:www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames
BE AWARE! This is a game about collecting and protecting items while playing and chatting with actual human beings from all around the world. Your items CAN and WILL be stolen if you don't keep them safe. That is part of the gameplay and stolen items will not be restored. All of the items necessary to prevent theft are available in the game. USE THEM WISELY!Note: There is a Personal Controls area in the Options menu - it allows you to disable the In App Purchase and Tapjoy Offer Wall options as well as block chat with other players.Growtopia is a creative sandbox platformer MMO where you can:* BUILD anything you can imagine  houses, dungeons, song, artwork, puzzles, etc* COLLABORATE with real people - there have been over 13 million player accounts created, all in the same universe, no sharding!* PLAY mini-games - parkour, surgery, quizzes, PVP battles, CTF, races, and more* PROTECT items using an innovative lock system which allows you to give access to friends* PLANT seeds to grow trees* SPLICE seeds to discover hundreds of amazing items, with new items added constantly* TRADE items in our secure trading system* EXPLORE a universe of over 300 MILLION user-created worlds, all persistent and connected to each other* COMMUNICATE using a full chat and messaging system* EARN a single in-game currency entirely through gameplay* See classic pixel graphics, optimized for small and large screens* Hear the original soundtrack by Cory Mollenhour* Your account is usable with clients on all platforms (Android, iOS, Win, and Mac)Didn't get your gems or having a problem?  Email us at support@growtopiagame.com, we'd love to help!Growtopia is a collaboration between old school indie game developers Seth A. Robinson and Mike Hommel.CAN'T TYPE?  Tap ENG to toggle to the English keyboard!  If that doesn't work, try changing keyboards. (Requires standard ascii input)  WARNING: This app allows Gem purchases using Google's In App Billing system.  Be sure to disable purchases or set a pin-number in the play store if kids use your device. Note: There is a Personal Controls area in the Options menu - it allows you to disable the In App Purchase and Tapjoy Offer Wall options as well as block chat with other players.Growtopia is a creative sandbox platformer MMO where you can:* BUILD anything you can imagine  houses, dungeons, song, artwork, puzzles, etc* COLLABORATE with real people - there have been over 13 million player accounts created, all in the same universe, no sharding!* PLAY mini-games - parkour, surgery, quizzes, PVP battles, CTF, races, and more* PROTECT items using an innovative lock system which allows you to give access to friends* PLANT seeds to grow trees* SPLICE seeds to discover hundreds of amazing items, with new items added constantly* TRADE items in our secure trading system* EXPLORE a universe of over 300 MILLION user-created worlds, all persistent and connected to each other* COMMUNICATE using a full chat and messaging system* EARN a single in-game currency entirely through gameplay* See classic pixel graphics, optimized for small and large screens* Hear the original soundtrack by Cory Mollenhour* Your account is usable with clients on all platforms (Android, iOS, Win, and Mac)Didn't get your gems or having a problem?  Email us at support@growtopiagame.com, we'd love to help!Growtopia is a collaboration between old school indie game developers Seth A. Robinson and Mike Hommel.CAN'T TYPE?  Tap ENG to toggle to the English keyboard!  If that doesn't work, try changing keyboards. (Requires standard ascii input)  WARNING: This app allows Gem purchases using Google's In App Billing system.  Be sure to disable purchases or set a pin-number in the play store if kids use your device. Growtopia is a creative sandbox platformer MMO where you can:* BUILD anything you can imagine  houses, dungeons, song, artwork, puzzles, etc* COLLABORATE with real people - there have been over 13 million player accounts created, all in the same universe, no sharding!* PLAY mini-games - parkour, surgery, quizzes, PVP battles, CTF, races, and more* PROTECT items using an innovative lock system which allows you to give access to friends* PLANT seeds to grow trees* SPLICE seeds to discover hundreds of amazing items, with new items added constantly* TRADE items in our secure trading system* EXPLORE a universe of over 300 MILLION user-created worlds, all persistent and connected to each other* COMMUNICATE using a full chat and messaging system* EARN a single in-game currency entirely through gameplay* See classic pixel graphics, optimized for small and large screens* Hear the original soundtrack by Cory Mollenhour* Your account is usable with clients on all platforms (Android, iOS, Win, and Mac)Didn't get your gems or having a problem?  Email us at support@growtopiagame.com, we'd love to help!Growtopia is a collaboration between old school indie game developers Seth A. Robinson and Mike Hommel.CAN'T TYPE?  Tap ENG to toggle to the English keyboard!  If that doesn't work, try changing keyboards. (Requires standard ascii input)  WARNING: This app allows Gem purchases using Google's In App Billing system.  Be sure to disable purchases or set a pin-number in the play store if kids use your device. * BUILD anything you can imagine  houses, dungeons, song, artwork, puzzles, etc* COLLABORATE with real people - there have been over 13 million player accounts created, all in the same universe, no sharding!* PLAY mini-games - parkour, surgery, quizzes, PVP battles, CTF, races, and more* PROTECT items using an innovative lock system which allows you to give access to friends* PLANT seeds to grow trees* SPLICE seeds to discover hundreds of amazing items, with new items added constantly* TRADE items in our secure trading system* EXPLORE a universe of over 300 MILLION user-created worlds, all persistent and connected to each other* COMMUNICATE using a full chat and messaging system* EARN a single in-game currency entirely through gameplay* See classic pixel graphics, optimized for small and large screens* Hear the original soundtrack by Cory Mollenhour* Your account is usable with clients on all platforms (Android, iOS, Win, and Mac)Didn't get your gems or having a problem?  Email us at support@growtopiagame.com, we'd love to help!Growtopia is a collaboration between old school indie game developers Seth A. Robinson and Mike Hommel.CAN'T TYPE?  Tap ENG to toggle to the English keyboard!  If that doesn't work, try changing keyboards. (Requires standard ascii input)  WARNING: This app allows Gem purchases using Google's In App Billing system.  Be sure to disable purchases or set a pin-number in the play store if kids use your device. Didn't get your gems or having a problem?  Email us at support@growtopiagame.com, we'd love to help!Growtopia is a collaboration between old school indie game developers Seth A. Robinson and Mike Hommel.CAN'T TYPE?  Tap ENG to toggle to the English keyboard!  If that doesn't work, try changing keyboards. (Requires standard ascii input)  WARNING: This app allows Gem purchases using Google's In App Billing system.  Be sure to disable purchases or set a pin-number in the play store if kids use your device. Growtopia is a collaboration between old school indie game developers Seth A. Robinson and Mike Hommel.CAN'T TYPE?  Tap ENG to toggle to the English keyboard!  If that doesn't work, try changing keyboards. (Requires standard ascii input)  WARNING: This app allows Gem purchases using Google's In App Billing system.  Be sure to disable purchases or set a pin-number in the play store if kids use your device. CAN'T TYPE?  Tap ENG to toggle to the English keyboard!  If that doesn't work, try changing keyboards. (Requires standard ascii input)  WARNING: This app allows Gem purchases using Google's In App Billing system.  Be sure to disable purchases or set a pin-number in the play store if kids use your device. WARNING: This app allows Gem purchases using Google's In App Billing system.  Be sure to disable purchases or set a pin-number in the play store if kids use your device.
LEFT FOR DEAD IN THE WORST PLACE IN AMERICAFollowing his father's murder, Huang Lee has a simple mission: deliver an ancient sword to his Uncle Kenny to ensure his family retains control of the Triad gangs of Liberty City. Huang is a spoiled rich kid who expects everything to run smoothly, but his trip does not go exactly as planned. After being robbed and left to die, he will search for honor, riches and revenge in the most dangerous and morally bankrupt city in the world.Built specifically for portable devices, the groundbreaking Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars is now available on select Android devices.Features:- Epic storyline with tons of side-missions, addictive mini-games and hidden collectibles - Widescreen resolution support - Support for Android TV devices  - Updated, highly customizable touchscreen controls- Enhanced graphics, lighting and explosion effects - Compatible with select Android Bluetooth and USB controllers Languages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish and Japanese.Requires Android version 4.0 or greater. Android Version developed by War Drum Studioswardrumstudios.comFind out more:rockstargames.comSee videos:youtube.com/rockstargamesFollow us:facebook.com/rockstargamestwitter.com/rockstargamesinstagram.com/rockstargames Following his father's murder, Huang Lee has a simple mission: deliver an ancient sword to his Uncle Kenny to ensure his family retains control of the Triad gangs of Liberty City. Huang is a spoiled rich kid who expects everything to run smoothly, but his trip does not go exactly as planned. After being robbed and left to die, he will search for honor, riches and revenge in the most dangerous and morally bankrupt city in the world.Built specifically for portable devices, the groundbreaking Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars is now available on select Android devices.Features:- Epic storyline with tons of side-missions, addictive mini-games and hidden collectibles - Widescreen resolution support - Support for Android TV devices  - Updated, highly customizable touchscreen controls- Enhanced graphics, lighting and explosion effects - Compatible with select Android Bluetooth and USB controllers Languages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish and Japanese.Requires Android version 4.0 or greater. Android Version developed by War Drum Studioswardrumstudios.comFind out more:rockstargames.comSee videos:youtube.com/rockstargamesFollow us:facebook.com/rockstargamestwitter.com/rockstargamesinstagram.com/rockstargames Built specifically for portable devices, the groundbreaking Grand Theft Auto: Chinatown Wars is now available on select Android devices.Features:- Epic storyline with tons of side-missions, addictive mini-games and hidden collectibles - Widescreen resolution support - Support for Android TV devices  - Updated, highly customizable touchscreen controls- Enhanced graphics, lighting and explosion effects - Compatible with select Android Bluetooth and USB controllers Languages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish and Japanese.Requires Android version 4.0 or greater. Android Version developed by War Drum Studioswardrumstudios.comFind out more:rockstargames.comSee videos:youtube.com/rockstargamesFollow us:facebook.com/rockstargamestwitter.com/rockstargamesinstagram.com/rockstargames Features:- Epic storyline with tons of side-missions, addictive mini-games and hidden collectibles - Widescreen resolution support - Support for Android TV devices  - Updated, highly customizable touchscreen controls- Enhanced graphics, lighting and explosion effects - Compatible with select Android Bluetooth and USB controllers Languages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish and Japanese.Requires Android version 4.0 or greater. Android Version developed by War Drum Studioswardrumstudios.comFind out more:rockstargames.comSee videos:youtube.com/rockstargamesFollow us:facebook.com/rockstargamestwitter.com/rockstargamesinstagram.com/rockstargames Languages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish and Japanese.Requires Android version 4.0 or greater. Android Version developed by War Drum Studioswardrumstudios.comFind out more:rockstargames.comSee videos:youtube.com/rockstargamesFollow us:facebook.com/rockstargamestwitter.com/rockstargamesinstagram.com/rockstargames Requires Android version 4.0 or greater. Android Version developed by War Drum Studioswardrumstudios.comFind out more:rockstargames.comSee videos:youtube.com/rockstargamesFollow us:facebook.com/rockstargamestwitter.com/rockstargamesinstagram.com/rockstargames Android Version developed by War Drum Studioswardrumstudios.comFind out more:rockstargames.comSee videos:youtube.com/rockstargamesFollow us:facebook.com/rockstargamestwitter.com/rockstargamesinstagram.com/rockstargames Find out more:rockstargames.comSee videos:youtube.com/rockstargamesFollow us:facebook.com/rockstargamestwitter.com/rockstargamesinstagram.com/rockstargames See videos:youtube.com/rockstargamesFollow us:facebook.com/rockstargamestwitter.com/rockstargamesinstagram.com/rockstargames Follow us:facebook.com/rockstargamestwitter.com/rockstargamesinstagram.com/rockstargames
Brand new Adventure & RPG game of 2016. FREE to Play Now! (Game for free)DESCRIPTIONThis is a mysterious adventure. How long can you survive during the unknown journey? Enter the Gumballs & Dungeons!Start off a great adventure with world wide players,lead your Swordsman,Demon Hunter,Mage and Death Knight to beat the Evil Dominator of the Erathia continent.FEATURES Explore the Gumballs & Dungeons with world wide players,challenge friends and check leaderboards and achievements Experience more than 12 different game maps and hidden stages, including Magic Forest, Sage's Tower, Dracula's Castle, Skeleton Island ... Build and upgrade your GUMBALL Fleet,go to the celestial city, challenge world wide players and win resources to upgrade your fleet. Collect powerful new gumballs and upgrade existing ones,including Mage, Swordsman, Odin, Vampire ... Upgrade your Alchemist Workshop which can produce coins and resources constantly You can also read many wonderful stories that have more than 100,000 words in the gameSUPPORTAre you having problems? Visit http://qcplay.helpshift.com/a/gumballs-dungeons or https://www.facebook.com/gumballs.dungeons or contact us in game by going to Settings > Guide.Forums & Guide:English:    https://goo.gl/ecChhsWiki:http://gdmaze.wikia.comTerms of Service:http://rs.qcplay.com/html/Terms_of_service.html DESCRIPTIONThis is a mysterious adventure. How long can you survive during the unknown journey? Enter the Gumballs & Dungeons!Start off a great adventure with world wide players,lead your Swordsman,Demon Hunter,Mage and Death Knight to beat the Evil Dominator of the Erathia continent.FEATURES Explore the Gumballs & Dungeons with world wide players,challenge friends and check leaderboards and achievements Experience more than 12 different game maps and hidden stages, including Magic Forest, Sage's Tower, Dracula's Castle, Skeleton Island ... Build and upgrade your GUMBALL Fleet,go to the celestial city, challenge world wide players and win resources to upgrade your fleet. Collect powerful new gumballs and upgrade existing ones,including Mage, Swordsman, Odin, Vampire ... Upgrade your Alchemist Workshop which can produce coins and resources constantly You can also read many wonderful stories that have more than 100,000 words in the gameSUPPORTAre you having problems? Visit http://qcplay.helpshift.com/a/gumballs-dungeons or https://www.facebook.com/gumballs.dungeons or contact us in game by going to Settings > Guide.Forums & Guide:English:    https://goo.gl/ecChhsWiki:http://gdmaze.wikia.comTerms of Service:http://rs.qcplay.com/html/Terms_of_service.html FEATURES Explore the Gumballs & Dungeons with world wide players,challenge friends and check leaderboards and achievements Experience more than 12 different game maps and hidden stages, including Magic Forest, Sage's Tower, Dracula's Castle, Skeleton Island ... Build and upgrade your GUMBALL Fleet,go to the celestial city, challenge world wide players and win resources to upgrade your fleet. Collect powerful new gumballs and upgrade existing ones,including Mage, Swordsman, Odin, Vampire ... Upgrade your Alchemist Workshop which can produce coins and resources constantly You can also read many wonderful stories that have more than 100,000 words in the gameSUPPORTAre you having problems? Visit http://qcplay.helpshift.com/a/gumballs-dungeons or https://www.facebook.com/gumballs.dungeons or contact us in game by going to Settings > Guide.Forums & Guide:English:    https://goo.gl/ecChhsWiki:http://gdmaze.wikia.comTerms of Service:http://rs.qcplay.com/html/Terms_of_service.html SUPPORTAre you having problems? Visit http://qcplay.helpshift.com/a/gumballs-dungeons or https://www.facebook.com/gumballs.dungeons or contact us in game by going to Settings > Guide.Forums & Guide:English:    https://goo.gl/ecChhsWiki:http://gdmaze.wikia.comTerms of Service:http://rs.qcplay.com/html/Terms_of_service.html Forums & Guide:English:    https://goo.gl/ecChhsWiki:http://gdmaze.wikia.comTerms of Service:http://rs.qcplay.com/html/Terms_of_service.html Wiki:http://gdmaze.wikia.comTerms of Service:http://rs.qcplay.com/html/Terms_of_service.html Terms of Service:http://rs.qcplay.com/html/Terms_of_service.html
Create your own inmate and attempt to survive in a prison where every sentence is a "death" sentence! Rub shoulders with up to 100 fellow inmates in a sprawling jail of 12 unique areas, each filled with fully interactive furniture and props. Plus a life beyond the jail populated by real civilians, with wardens enforcing dozens of different laws to stop you from making a break for it.Each day, you will find your health and mental state slipping away. Both can be restored by sleeping - which is also a good way to pass time. You won't always be permitted to sleep, though, so consuming food and drink bridges the gap. These, along with many other activities such as reading or watching TV, can also help to improve your mental state. If you "lose your mind" you will break down and will temporarily lose control of your character (almost certainly getting into trouble!).Your character also has a set of attributes that you are challenged to improve:- STRENGTH indicates how much damage you can inflict or absorb. You can improve it by fighting or lifting weights.- AGILITY determines how fast you move. You can improve it by jogging in the yard or scoring baskets.- INTELLECT reflects your knowledge - including fighting skills such as counters. You can improve it by reading books.- REPUTATION is how much other prisoners respect you. It can be improved by accomplishing tasks or intimidating others.There are also opportunities to earn money - whether you work for it with a broom, trade items at a profit, or run with a gang. Having money increases your opportunities to grease the wheels and make your life inside easier.You may find that you need to go to the toilet from time to time, in which case you must race to the bathroom! Alternatively, you could find a toilet to sit on or grab some toilet paper to spare your blushes. Failing to do so will damage your reputation and mental state.I regret that there is more to this game than I could ever explain here, so I hope you enjoy figuring some things out for yourself.Upgrade to "VIP" to enjoy the full experience without ads - plus access to the editor that allows you to customize your character and every other.BASIC CONTROLS:(*Look out for tutorials within the actual game)The game uses buttons where letters like GTA represent what they do:G = Grapple / Throw weaponT = Taunt (interact with handheld props)A = Attack (on its own to kick, with a direction to punch)R = RunP = Pick-Up / DropOTHER CONTROLS- Press ATTACK and RUN together to launch a powerful attack.- Press any button with any direction (or none) in a grapple to trigger different moves.- Press RUN and PICK-UP together to set fire to a small object (which can then be used to set fire to a large object).- Touch the clock to pause the game and bring up options to exit.- Touch any speech bubble to speed through conversations.PERFORMANCE- If you find your device struggles to display lots of characters, considering keeping the "Population" option low.- "Speed Up Frame Rate" sleeping will require good performance at the default frame rate.- Head to the "Display" options to tone down other features. Each day, you will find your health and mental state slipping away. Both can be restored by sleeping - which is also a good way to pass time. You won't always be permitted to sleep, though, so consuming food and drink bridges the gap. These, along with many other activities such as reading or watching TV, can also help to improve your mental state. If you "lose your mind" you will break down and will temporarily lose control of your character (almost certainly getting into trouble!).Your character also has a set of attributes that you are challenged to improve:- STRENGTH indicates how much damage you can inflict or absorb. You can improve it by fighting or lifting weights.- AGILITY determines how fast you move. You can improve it by jogging in the yard or scoring baskets.- INTELLECT reflects your knowledge - including fighting skills such as counters. You can improve it by reading books.- REPUTATION is how much other prisoners respect you. It can be improved by accomplishing tasks or intimidating others.There are also opportunities to earn money - whether you work for it with a broom, trade items at a profit, or run with a gang. Having money increases your opportunities to grease the wheels and make your life inside easier.You may find that you need to go to the toilet from time to time, in which case you must race to the bathroom! Alternatively, you could find a toilet to sit on or grab some toilet paper to spare your blushes. Failing to do so will damage your reputation and mental state.I regret that there is more to this game than I could ever explain here, so I hope you enjoy figuring some things out for yourself.Upgrade to "VIP" to enjoy the full experience without ads - plus access to the editor that allows you to customize your character and every other.BASIC CONTROLS:(*Look out for tutorials within the actual game)The game uses buttons where letters like GTA represent what they do:G = Grapple / Throw weaponT = Taunt (interact with handheld props)A = Attack (on its own to kick, with a direction to punch)R = RunP = Pick-Up / DropOTHER CONTROLS- Press ATTACK and RUN together to launch a powerful attack.- Press any button with any direction (or none) in a grapple to trigger different moves.- Press RUN and PICK-UP together to set fire to a small object (which can then be used to set fire to a large object).- Touch the clock to pause the game and bring up options to exit.- Touch any speech bubble to speed through conversations.PERFORMANCE- If you find your device struggles to display lots of characters, considering keeping the "Population" option low.- "Speed Up Frame Rate" sleeping will require good performance at the default frame rate.- Head to the "Display" options to tone down other features. Your character also has a set of attributes that you are challenged to improve:- STRENGTH indicates how much damage you can inflict or absorb. You can improve it by fighting or lifting weights.- AGILITY determines how fast you move. You can improve it by jogging in the yard or scoring baskets.- INTELLECT reflects your knowledge - including fighting skills such as counters. You can improve it by reading books.- REPUTATION is how much other prisoners respect you. It can be improved by accomplishing tasks or intimidating others.There are also opportunities to earn money - whether you work for it with a broom, trade items at a profit, or run with a gang. Having money increases your opportunities to grease the wheels and make your life inside easier.You may find that you need to go to the toilet from time to time, in which case you must race to the bathroom! Alternatively, you could find a toilet to sit on or grab some toilet paper to spare your blushes. Failing to do so will damage your reputation and mental state.I regret that there is more to this game than I could ever explain here, so I hope you enjoy figuring some things out for yourself.Upgrade to "VIP" to enjoy the full experience without ads - plus access to the editor that allows you to customize your character and every other.BASIC CONTROLS:(*Look out for tutorials within the actual game)The game uses buttons where letters like GTA represent what they do:G = Grapple / Throw weaponT = Taunt (interact with handheld props)A = Attack (on its own to kick, with a direction to punch)R = RunP = Pick-Up / DropOTHER CONTROLS- Press ATTACK and RUN together to launch a powerful attack.- Press any button with any direction (or none) in a grapple to trigger different moves.- Press RUN and PICK-UP together to set fire to a small object (which can then be used to set fire to a large object).- Touch the clock to pause the game and bring up options to exit.- Touch any speech bubble to speed through conversations.PERFORMANCE- If you find your device struggles to display lots of characters, considering keeping the "Population" option low.- "Speed Up Frame Rate" sleeping will require good performance at the default frame rate.- Head to the "Display" options to tone down other features. There are also opportunities to earn money - whether you work for it with a broom, trade items at a profit, or run with a gang. Having money increases your opportunities to grease the wheels and make your life inside easier.You may find that you need to go to the toilet from time to time, in which case you must race to the bathroom! Alternatively, you could find a toilet to sit on or grab some toilet paper to spare your blushes. Failing to do so will damage your reputation and mental state.I regret that there is more to this game than I could ever explain here, so I hope you enjoy figuring some things out for yourself.Upgrade to "VIP" to enjoy the full experience without ads - plus access to the editor that allows you to customize your character and every other.BASIC CONTROLS:(*Look out for tutorials within the actual game)The game uses buttons where letters like GTA represent what they do:G = Grapple / Throw weaponT = Taunt (interact with handheld props)A = Attack (on its own to kick, with a direction to punch)R = RunP = Pick-Up / DropOTHER CONTROLS- Press ATTACK and RUN together to launch a powerful attack.- Press any button with any direction (or none) in a grapple to trigger different moves.- Press RUN and PICK-UP together to set fire to a small object (which can then be used to set fire to a large object).- Touch the clock to pause the game and bring up options to exit.- Touch any speech bubble to speed through conversations.PERFORMANCE- If you find your device struggles to display lots of characters, considering keeping the "Population" option low.- "Speed Up Frame Rate" sleeping will require good performance at the default frame rate.- Head to the "Display" options to tone down other features. You may find that you need to go to the toilet from time to time, in which case you must race to the bathroom! Alternatively, you could find a toilet to sit on or grab some toilet paper to spare your blushes. Failing to do so will damage your reputation and mental state.I regret that there is more to this game than I could ever explain here, so I hope you enjoy figuring some things out for yourself.Upgrade to "VIP" to enjoy the full experience without ads - plus access to the editor that allows you to customize your character and every other.BASIC CONTROLS:(*Look out for tutorials within the actual game)The game uses buttons where letters like GTA represent what they do:G = Grapple / Throw weaponT = Taunt (interact with handheld props)A = Attack (on its own to kick, with a direction to punch)R = RunP = Pick-Up / DropOTHER CONTROLS- Press ATTACK and RUN together to launch a powerful attack.- Press any button with any direction (or none) in a grapple to trigger different moves.- Press RUN and PICK-UP together to set fire to a small object (which can then be used to set fire to a large object).- Touch the clock to pause the game and bring up options to exit.- Touch any speech bubble to speed through conversations.PERFORMANCE- If you find your device struggles to display lots of characters, considering keeping the "Population" option low.- "Speed Up Frame Rate" sleeping will require good performance at the default frame rate.- Head to the "Display" options to tone down other features. I regret that there is more to this game than I could ever explain here, so I hope you enjoy figuring some things out for yourself.Upgrade to "VIP" to enjoy the full experience without ads - plus access to the editor that allows you to customize your character and every other.BASIC CONTROLS:(*Look out for tutorials within the actual game)The game uses buttons where letters like GTA represent what they do:G = Grapple / Throw weaponT = Taunt (interact with handheld props)A = Attack (on its own to kick, with a direction to punch)R = RunP = Pick-Up / DropOTHER CONTROLS- Press ATTACK and RUN together to launch a powerful attack.- Press any button with any direction (or none) in a grapple to trigger different moves.- Press RUN and PICK-UP together to set fire to a small object (which can then be used to set fire to a large object).- Touch the clock to pause the game and bring up options to exit.- Touch any speech bubble to speed through conversations.PERFORMANCE- If you find your device struggles to display lots of characters, considering keeping the "Population" option low.- "Speed Up Frame Rate" sleeping will require good performance at the default frame rate.- Head to the "Display" options to tone down other features. Upgrade to "VIP" to enjoy the full experience without ads - plus access to the editor that allows you to customize your character and every other.BASIC CONTROLS:(*Look out for tutorials within the actual game)The game uses buttons where letters like GTA represent what they do:G = Grapple / Throw weaponT = Taunt (interact with handheld props)A = Attack (on its own to kick, with a direction to punch)R = RunP = Pick-Up / DropOTHER CONTROLS- Press ATTACK and RUN together to launch a powerful attack.- Press any button with any direction (or none) in a grapple to trigger different moves.- Press RUN and PICK-UP together to set fire to a small object (which can then be used to set fire to a large object).- Touch the clock to pause the game and bring up options to exit.- Touch any speech bubble to speed through conversations.PERFORMANCE- If you find your device struggles to display lots of characters, considering keeping the "Population" option low.- "Speed Up Frame Rate" sleeping will require good performance at the default frame rate.- Head to the "Display" options to tone down other features. BASIC CONTROLS:(*Look out for tutorials within the actual game)The game uses buttons where letters like GTA represent what they do:G = Grapple / Throw weaponT = Taunt (interact with handheld props)A = Attack (on its own to kick, with a direction to punch)R = RunP = Pick-Up / DropOTHER CONTROLS- Press ATTACK and RUN together to launch a powerful attack.- Press any button with any direction (or none) in a grapple to trigger different moves.- Press RUN and PICK-UP together to set fire to a small object (which can then be used to set fire to a large object).- Touch the clock to pause the game and bring up options to exit.- Touch any speech bubble to speed through conversations.PERFORMANCE- If you find your device struggles to display lots of characters, considering keeping the "Population" option low.- "Speed Up Frame Rate" sleeping will require good performance at the default frame rate.- Head to the "Display" options to tone down other features. OTHER CONTROLS- Press ATTACK and RUN together to launch a powerful attack.- Press any button with any direction (or none) in a grapple to trigger different moves.- Press RUN and PICK-UP together to set fire to a small object (which can then be used to set fire to a large object).- Touch the clock to pause the game and bring up options to exit.- Touch any speech bubble to speed through conversations.PERFORMANCE- If you find your device struggles to display lots of characters, considering keeping the "Population" option low.- "Speed Up Frame Rate" sleeping will require good performance at the default frame rate.- Head to the "Display" options to tone down other features. PERFORMANCE- If you find your device struggles to display lots of characters, considering keeping the "Population" option low.- "Speed Up Frame Rate" sleeping will require good performance at the default frame rate.- Head to the "Display" options to tone down other features.
Follow the yellow brick road to riches in THE WIZARD OF OZ! Win big with THE TERMINATOR! Go for glam in SEX AND THE CITY! And play the original DUCK DYNASTY slots. Hit it Rich! Slots has something for everyone, and its FREE!Hit it Rich! Slots is Zyngas leading free online casino slots game, available on Facebook and right on your Android mobile! With Hit it Rich! Slots, its easy to join the jackpot party, win big bonuses & be a part of the club! Theres no better casino action than seeing that 777, collecting your reward & jumping for joy!Hit it Rich! Slots Features: SLOTS, SLOTS & MORE SLOTS! Play Iconic Machines, Including:- The Wizard of Oz- The Terminator- Sex and the City- Bridesmaids- Bettie Page- Downton Abbey- Evil Dead 2- Beetle Bailey- Hagar the Horrible- Elvira- Big Buckhunter- Duck Dynasty FREE COINS- Start Rich! Bet now with 30,000 free coins just for playing- Free slot machine spins are waiting with Daily Bonuses and Bonus Games WIN BIG WITH FRIENDS- Share free slot spins and free coins with Facebook friends to extend their play- Big win jackpots are just a tap away when you play with friends  LAS VEGAS STYLE & QUALITY- Vegas style game design, graphics and sound- Las Vegas casino games with all of your favorite characters ADDICTIVE BONUS GAMES GALORE- Fun mini games offer HUGE jackpots and addicting action- Jackpot! Win amazing rewards like Double XP and extra coins- Unlock more casino games when you level upHit it Rich! Slots is the ultimate Las Vegas casino, featuring slot machine games with The Wizard of Oz, The Terminator, Downton Abbey and all of your other favorite characters. Join the rich with 30,000 free coins!Download Hit it Rich! Slots and get your big win today!Additional coins available for purchase.Facebook: facebook.com/HitItRichSlotsTwitter:twitter.com/HitItRichSlotsThis game is intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes. Practice or success at social gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling. Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zynga's Privacy Policy. Both policies are available in the Application License Agreement and Privacy Policy sections below, as well as at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply. Hit it Rich! Slots is Zyngas leading free online casino slots game, available on Facebook and right on your Android mobile! With Hit it Rich! Slots, its easy to join the jackpot party, win big bonuses & be a part of the club! Theres no better casino action than seeing that 777, collecting your reward & jumping for joy!Hit it Rich! Slots Features: SLOTS, SLOTS & MORE SLOTS! Play Iconic Machines, Including:- The Wizard of Oz- The Terminator- Sex and the City- Bridesmaids- Bettie Page- Downton Abbey- Evil Dead 2- Beetle Bailey- Hagar the Horrible- Elvira- Big Buckhunter- Duck Dynasty FREE COINS- Start Rich! Bet now with 30,000 free coins just for playing- Free slot machine spins are waiting with Daily Bonuses and Bonus Games WIN BIG WITH FRIENDS- Share free slot spins and free coins with Facebook friends to extend their play- Big win jackpots are just a tap away when you play with friends  LAS VEGAS STYLE & QUALITY- Vegas style game design, graphics and sound- Las Vegas casino games with all of your favorite characters ADDICTIVE BONUS GAMES GALORE- Fun mini games offer HUGE jackpots and addicting action- Jackpot! Win amazing rewards like Double XP and extra coins- Unlock more casino games when you level upHit it Rich! Slots is the ultimate Las Vegas casino, featuring slot machine games with The Wizard of Oz, The Terminator, Downton Abbey and all of your other favorite characters. Join the rich with 30,000 free coins!Download Hit it Rich! Slots and get your big win today!Additional coins available for purchase.Facebook: facebook.com/HitItRichSlotsTwitter:twitter.com/HitItRichSlotsThis game is intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes. Practice or success at social gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling. Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zynga's Privacy Policy. Both policies are available in the Application License Agreement and Privacy Policy sections below, as well as at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply. Hit it Rich! Slots Features: SLOTS, SLOTS & MORE SLOTS! Play Iconic Machines, Including:- The Wizard of Oz- The Terminator- Sex and the City- Bridesmaids- Bettie Page- Downton Abbey- Evil Dead 2- Beetle Bailey- Hagar the Horrible- Elvira- Big Buckhunter- Duck Dynasty FREE COINS- Start Rich! Bet now with 30,000 free coins just for playing- Free slot machine spins are waiting with Daily Bonuses and Bonus Games WIN BIG WITH FRIENDS- Share free slot spins and free coins with Facebook friends to extend their play- Big win jackpots are just a tap away when you play with friends  LAS VEGAS STYLE & QUALITY- Vegas style game design, graphics and sound- Las Vegas casino games with all of your favorite characters ADDICTIVE BONUS GAMES GALORE- Fun mini games offer HUGE jackpots and addicting action- Jackpot! Win amazing rewards like Double XP and extra coins- Unlock more casino games when you level upHit it Rich! Slots is the ultimate Las Vegas casino, featuring slot machine games with The Wizard of Oz, The Terminator, Downton Abbey and all of your other favorite characters. Join the rich with 30,000 free coins!Download Hit it Rich! Slots and get your big win today!Additional coins available for purchase.Facebook: facebook.com/HitItRichSlotsTwitter:twitter.com/HitItRichSlotsThis game is intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes. Practice or success at social gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling. Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zynga's Privacy Policy. Both policies are available in the Application License Agreement and Privacy Policy sections below, as well as at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply.  SLOTS, SLOTS & MORE SLOTS! Play Iconic Machines, Including:- The Wizard of Oz- The Terminator- Sex and the City- Bridesmaids- Bettie Page- Downton Abbey- Evil Dead 2- Beetle Bailey- Hagar the Horrible- Elvira- Big Buckhunter- Duck Dynasty FREE COINS- Start Rich! Bet now with 30,000 free coins just for playing- Free slot machine spins are waiting with Daily Bonuses and Bonus Games WIN BIG WITH FRIENDS- Share free slot spins and free coins with Facebook friends to extend their play- Big win jackpots are just a tap away when you play with friends  LAS VEGAS STYLE & QUALITY- Vegas style game design, graphics and sound- Las Vegas casino games with all of your favorite characters ADDICTIVE BONUS GAMES GALORE- Fun mini games offer HUGE jackpots and addicting action- Jackpot! Win amazing rewards like Double XP and extra coins- Unlock more casino games when you level upHit it Rich! Slots is the ultimate Las Vegas casino, featuring slot machine games with The Wizard of Oz, The Terminator, Downton Abbey and all of your other favorite characters. Join the rich with 30,000 free coins!Download Hit it Rich! Slots and get your big win today!Additional coins available for purchase.Facebook: facebook.com/HitItRichSlotsTwitter:twitter.com/HitItRichSlotsThis game is intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes. Practice or success at social gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling. Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zynga's Privacy Policy. Both policies are available in the Application License Agreement and Privacy Policy sections below, as well as at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply.  FREE COINS- Start Rich! Bet now with 30,000 free coins just for playing- Free slot machine spins are waiting with Daily Bonuses and Bonus Games WIN BIG WITH FRIENDS- Share free slot spins and free coins with Facebook friends to extend their play- Big win jackpots are just a tap away when you play with friends  LAS VEGAS STYLE & QUALITY- Vegas style game design, graphics and sound- Las Vegas casino games with all of your favorite characters ADDICTIVE BONUS GAMES GALORE- Fun mini games offer HUGE jackpots and addicting action- Jackpot! Win amazing rewards like Double XP and extra coins- Unlock more casino games when you level upHit it Rich! Slots is the ultimate Las Vegas casino, featuring slot machine games with The Wizard of Oz, The Terminator, Downton Abbey and all of your other favorite characters. Join the rich with 30,000 free coins!Download Hit it Rich! Slots and get your big win today!Additional coins available for purchase.Facebook: facebook.com/HitItRichSlotsTwitter:twitter.com/HitItRichSlotsThis game is intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes. Practice or success at social gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling. Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zynga's Privacy Policy. Both policies are available in the Application License Agreement and Privacy Policy sections below, as well as at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply.  WIN BIG WITH FRIENDS- Share free slot spins and free coins with Facebook friends to extend their play- Big win jackpots are just a tap away when you play with friends  LAS VEGAS STYLE & QUALITY- Vegas style game design, graphics and sound- Las Vegas casino games with all of your favorite characters ADDICTIVE BONUS GAMES GALORE- Fun mini games offer HUGE jackpots and addicting action- Jackpot! Win amazing rewards like Double XP and extra coins- Unlock more casino games when you level upHit it Rich! Slots is the ultimate Las Vegas casino, featuring slot machine games with The Wizard of Oz, The Terminator, Downton Abbey and all of your other favorite characters. Join the rich with 30,000 free coins!Download Hit it Rich! Slots and get your big win today!Additional coins available for purchase.Facebook: facebook.com/HitItRichSlotsTwitter:twitter.com/HitItRichSlotsThis game is intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes. Practice or success at social gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling. Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zynga's Privacy Policy. Both policies are available in the Application License Agreement and Privacy Policy sections below, as well as at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply.  LAS VEGAS STYLE & QUALITY- Vegas style game design, graphics and sound- Las Vegas casino games with all of your favorite characters ADDICTIVE BONUS GAMES GALORE- Fun mini games offer HUGE jackpots and addicting action- Jackpot! Win amazing rewards like Double XP and extra coins- Unlock more casino games when you level upHit it Rich! Slots is the ultimate Las Vegas casino, featuring slot machine games with The Wizard of Oz, The Terminator, Downton Abbey and all of your other favorite characters. Join the rich with 30,000 free coins!Download Hit it Rich! Slots and get your big win today!Additional coins available for purchase.Facebook: facebook.com/HitItRichSlotsTwitter:twitter.com/HitItRichSlotsThis game is intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes. Practice or success at social gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling. Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zynga's Privacy Policy. Both policies are available in the Application License Agreement and Privacy Policy sections below, as well as at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply.  ADDICTIVE BONUS GAMES GALORE- Fun mini games offer HUGE jackpots and addicting action- Jackpot! Win amazing rewards like Double XP and extra coins- Unlock more casino games when you level upHit it Rich! Slots is the ultimate Las Vegas casino, featuring slot machine games with The Wizard of Oz, The Terminator, Downton Abbey and all of your other favorite characters. Join the rich with 30,000 free coins!Download Hit it Rich! Slots and get your big win today!Additional coins available for purchase.Facebook: facebook.com/HitItRichSlotsTwitter:twitter.com/HitItRichSlotsThis game is intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes. Practice or success at social gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling. Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zynga's Privacy Policy. Both policies are available in the Application License Agreement and Privacy Policy sections below, as well as at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply. Hit it Rich! Slots is the ultimate Las Vegas casino, featuring slot machine games with The Wizard of Oz, The Terminator, Downton Abbey and all of your other favorite characters. Join the rich with 30,000 free coins!Download Hit it Rich! Slots and get your big win today!Additional coins available for purchase.Facebook: facebook.com/HitItRichSlotsTwitter:twitter.com/HitItRichSlotsThis game is intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes. Practice or success at social gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling. Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zynga's Privacy Policy. Both policies are available in the Application License Agreement and Privacy Policy sections below, as well as at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply. Download Hit it Rich! Slots and get your big win today!Additional coins available for purchase.Facebook: facebook.com/HitItRichSlotsTwitter:twitter.com/HitItRichSlotsThis game is intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes. Practice or success at social gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling. Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zynga's Privacy Policy. Both policies are available in the Application License Agreement and Privacy Policy sections below, as well as at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply. Additional coins available for purchase.Facebook: facebook.com/HitItRichSlotsTwitter:twitter.com/HitItRichSlotsThis game is intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes. Practice or success at social gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling. Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zynga's Privacy Policy. Both policies are available in the Application License Agreement and Privacy Policy sections below, as well as at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply. Facebook: facebook.com/HitItRichSlotsTwitter:twitter.com/HitItRichSlotsThis game is intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes. Practice or success at social gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling. Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zynga's Privacy Policy. Both policies are available in the Application License Agreement and Privacy Policy sections below, as well as at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply. Twitter:twitter.com/HitItRichSlotsThis game is intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes. Practice or success at social gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling. Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zynga's Privacy Policy. Both policies are available in the Application License Agreement and Privacy Policy sections below, as well as at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply. This game is intended for an adult audience and does not offer real money gambling or an opportunity to win real money or prizes. Practice or success at social gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling. Use of this application is governed by the Zynga Terms of Service. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Zynga's Privacy Policy. Both policies are available in the Application License Agreement and Privacy Policy sections below, as well as at www.zynga.com. Social Networking Service terms may also apply.
THE HOTTEST NEW STAR IN HOLLYWOOD IS... YOU!Congratulations! Youve just been accepted to Hollywood University, the school for stars. Pack your bags, because fame, fortune, and romance await! CHOOSE YOUR PATH TO FAME: Will you be a Director, Movie Star, or Fashionista? DRESS FOR THE RED CARPET in dozens of high-fashion gowns and on-trend outfits! DATE CELEBRITIES! Jet set to Vegas, attend red carpet premieres, and more with ongoing dates that build your relationship! MAKE BLOCKBUSTER MOVIES... show Hollywood why you belong on the A-list! BUILD YOUR ENTOURAGE by recruiting Celebutantes, Action Heroes, Reality TV Stars and more! IMMERSIVE, ONGOING NARRATIVE penned by the best writing team in mobile gaming! YOUR STORY CONTINUES in new quests released every Friday!Brought to you by Pixelberry Studios, the same small team that created the Top 10 game, High School Story!Please note that Hollywood U is completely free to play, but you can purchase some in-game items with real money. If you dont want to use this feature, you can disable in-app purchases in your devices settings.Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at:http://www.playhollywoodu.com/terms-of-serviceCollection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at:http://www.playhollywoodu.com/privacy-policyChat with us: facebook.com/PlayHollywoodUFollow us: twitter.com/PlayHollywoodU Congratulations! Youve just been accepted to Hollywood University, the school for stars. Pack your bags, because fame, fortune, and romance await! CHOOSE YOUR PATH TO FAME: Will you be a Director, Movie Star, or Fashionista? DRESS FOR THE RED CARPET in dozens of high-fashion gowns and on-trend outfits! DATE CELEBRITIES! Jet set to Vegas, attend red carpet premieres, and more with ongoing dates that build your relationship! MAKE BLOCKBUSTER MOVIES... show Hollywood why you belong on the A-list! BUILD YOUR ENTOURAGE by recruiting Celebutantes, Action Heroes, Reality TV Stars and more! IMMERSIVE, ONGOING NARRATIVE penned by the best writing team in mobile gaming! YOUR STORY CONTINUES in new quests released every Friday!Brought to you by Pixelberry Studios, the same small team that created the Top 10 game, High School Story!Please note that Hollywood U is completely free to play, but you can purchase some in-game items with real money. If you dont want to use this feature, you can disable in-app purchases in your devices settings.Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at:http://www.playhollywoodu.com/terms-of-serviceCollection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at:http://www.playhollywoodu.com/privacy-policyChat with us: facebook.com/PlayHollywoodUFollow us: twitter.com/PlayHollywoodU  CHOOSE YOUR PATH TO FAME: Will you be a Director, Movie Star, or Fashionista? DRESS FOR THE RED CARPET in dozens of high-fashion gowns and on-trend outfits! DATE CELEBRITIES! Jet set to Vegas, attend red carpet premieres, and more with ongoing dates that build your relationship! MAKE BLOCKBUSTER MOVIES... show Hollywood why you belong on the A-list! BUILD YOUR ENTOURAGE by recruiting Celebutantes, Action Heroes, Reality TV Stars and more! IMMERSIVE, ONGOING NARRATIVE penned by the best writing team in mobile gaming! YOUR STORY CONTINUES in new quests released every Friday!Brought to you by Pixelberry Studios, the same small team that created the Top 10 game, High School Story!Please note that Hollywood U is completely free to play, but you can purchase some in-game items with real money. If you dont want to use this feature, you can disable in-app purchases in your devices settings.Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at:http://www.playhollywoodu.com/terms-of-serviceCollection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at:http://www.playhollywoodu.com/privacy-policyChat with us: facebook.com/PlayHollywoodUFollow us: twitter.com/PlayHollywoodU Brought to you by Pixelberry Studios, the same small team that created the Top 10 game, High School Story!Please note that Hollywood U is completely free to play, but you can purchase some in-game items with real money. If you dont want to use this feature, you can disable in-app purchases in your devices settings.Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at:http://www.playhollywoodu.com/terms-of-serviceCollection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at:http://www.playhollywoodu.com/privacy-policyChat with us: facebook.com/PlayHollywoodUFollow us: twitter.com/PlayHollywoodU Please note that Hollywood U is completely free to play, but you can purchase some in-game items with real money. If you dont want to use this feature, you can disable in-app purchases in your devices settings.Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at:http://www.playhollywoodu.com/terms-of-serviceCollection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at:http://www.playhollywoodu.com/privacy-policyChat with us: facebook.com/PlayHollywoodUFollow us: twitter.com/PlayHollywoodU Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at:http://www.playhollywoodu.com/terms-of-serviceCollection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at:http://www.playhollywoodu.com/privacy-policyChat with us: facebook.com/PlayHollywoodUFollow us: twitter.com/PlayHollywoodU Chat with us: facebook.com/PlayHollywoodUFollow us: twitter.com/PlayHollywoodU
Welcome to the first game in a stunning new saga! When the dead cannot find release, the House of 1000 Doors serves as a portal that allows the living to help them. But as the House appears at locations around the world, it doesn't let just anyone in. To step beyond its threshold, a person must be able to communicate with spirits.The protagonist of this spectacular new series of hidden object adventure games is Kate Reed, a washed up writer of ghost stories who wonders if she'll ever experience success again. Guide Kate as she responds to an invitation to enter the House, meets the mysterious Lancaster family that resides within it, and solves four mind-bending mysteries that take her to worlds she's never imagined.
Evil stirs beneath the Spine of the World.In the northernmost reaches of the Forgotten Realms lies the region of icy tundra known as Icewind Dale. Journey deep into the Spine of the World mountains, a harsh and unforgiving territory settled by only the hardiest folk. Encounter fearsome beasts that have learned the cunning and ferocity needed to survive among the snow-shrouded peaks. Confront an evil that schemes beneath the carven glaciers and mountainsides to wreak destruction upon the face of Faern. This is the world of Icewind Dale: Enhanced Edition.Originally released in 2000, Icewind Dale is a Dungeons & Dragons game set in Wizards of The Coast's legendary Forgotten Realms. This Enhanced Edition allows a new generation of players to experience this epic adventure.- Swords and Sorcery: Discover dozens of new spells and items, including new magic armor and weapons.- Blackguards and Wizard Slayers: Select from more than 30 new kits and classes to create the perfect adventuring party. - A New Look: Experience the Enhanced Edition's all new interface, including the new Quickloot bar. - Bring A Friend: Join your fellow adventurers in cooperative, cross-platform multiplayer games.- See The Unseen: Explore quest content cut from the original game, now finished and restored.- More to Experience: Enjoy the countless bug fixes and improvements that await you in Icewind Dale: Enhanced Edition!Note on Localization: All in-game movies are English-only. In the northernmost reaches of the Forgotten Realms lies the region of icy tundra known as Icewind Dale. Journey deep into the Spine of the World mountains, a harsh and unforgiving territory settled by only the hardiest folk. Encounter fearsome beasts that have learned the cunning and ferocity needed to survive among the snow-shrouded peaks. Confront an evil that schemes beneath the carven glaciers and mountainsides to wreak destruction upon the face of Faern. This is the world of Icewind Dale: Enhanced Edition.Originally released in 2000, Icewind Dale is a Dungeons & Dragons game set in Wizards of The Coast's legendary Forgotten Realms. This Enhanced Edition allows a new generation of players to experience this epic adventure.- Swords and Sorcery: Discover dozens of new spells and items, including new magic armor and weapons.- Blackguards and Wizard Slayers: Select from more than 30 new kits and classes to create the perfect adventuring party. - A New Look: Experience the Enhanced Edition's all new interface, including the new Quickloot bar. - Bring A Friend: Join your fellow adventurers in cooperative, cross-platform multiplayer games.- See The Unseen: Explore quest content cut from the original game, now finished and restored.- More to Experience: Enjoy the countless bug fixes and improvements that await you in Icewind Dale: Enhanced Edition!Note on Localization: All in-game movies are English-only. Originally released in 2000, Icewind Dale is a Dungeons & Dragons game set in Wizards of The Coast's legendary Forgotten Realms. This Enhanced Edition allows a new generation of players to experience this epic adventure.- Swords and Sorcery: Discover dozens of new spells and items, including new magic armor and weapons.- Blackguards and Wizard Slayers: Select from more than 30 new kits and classes to create the perfect adventuring party. - A New Look: Experience the Enhanced Edition's all new interface, including the new Quickloot bar. - Bring A Friend: Join your fellow adventurers in cooperative, cross-platform multiplayer games.- See The Unseen: Explore quest content cut from the original game, now finished and restored.- More to Experience: Enjoy the countless bug fixes and improvements that await you in Icewind Dale: Enhanced Edition!Note on Localization: All in-game movies are English-only. - Swords and Sorcery: Discover dozens of new spells and items, including new magic armor and weapons.- Blackguards and Wizard Slayers: Select from more than 30 new kits and classes to create the perfect adventuring party. - A New Look: Experience the Enhanced Edition's all new interface, including the new Quickloot bar. - Bring A Friend: Join your fellow adventurers in cooperative, cross-platform multiplayer games.- See The Unseen: Explore quest content cut from the original game, now finished and restored.- More to Experience: Enjoy the countless bug fixes and improvements that await you in Icewind Dale: Enhanced Edition!Note on Localization: All in-game movies are English-only. - Blackguards and Wizard Slayers: Select from more than 30 new kits and classes to create the perfect adventuring party. - A New Look: Experience the Enhanced Edition's all new interface, including the new Quickloot bar. - Bring A Friend: Join your fellow adventurers in cooperative, cross-platform multiplayer games.- See The Unseen: Explore quest content cut from the original game, now finished and restored.- More to Experience: Enjoy the countless bug fixes and improvements that await you in Icewind Dale: Enhanced Edition!Note on Localization: All in-game movies are English-only. - A New Look: Experience the Enhanced Edition's all new interface, including the new Quickloot bar. - Bring A Friend: Join your fellow adventurers in cooperative, cross-platform multiplayer games.- See The Unseen: Explore quest content cut from the original game, now finished and restored.- More to Experience: Enjoy the countless bug fixes and improvements that await you in Icewind Dale: Enhanced Edition!Note on Localization: All in-game movies are English-only. - Bring A Friend: Join your fellow adventurers in cooperative, cross-platform multiplayer games.- See The Unseen: Explore quest content cut from the original game, now finished and restored.- More to Experience: Enjoy the countless bug fixes and improvements that await you in Icewind Dale: Enhanced Edition!Note on Localization: All in-game movies are English-only. - See The Unseen: Explore quest content cut from the original game, now finished and restored.- More to Experience: Enjoy the countless bug fixes and improvements that await you in Icewind Dale: Enhanced Edition!Note on Localization: All in-game movies are English-only. - More to Experience: Enjoy the countless bug fixes and improvements that await you in Icewind Dale: Enhanced Edition!Note on Localization: All in-game movies are English-only. Note on Localization: All in-game movies are English-only.
 From the creators of #1 app "4 PICS 1 WORDCelebs, brands, movies and more  can you guess what the icon depicts?Find out why the whole world loves Icomania and JOIN THE FUN!SIMPLE AND HIGHLY ADDICTIVE GAMEPLAYCheck out the icons, guess the answer and win! There are hundreds of puzzles to solve!TEST YOUR KNOWLEDGEHow well do you know pop culture? Icomania keeps you guessing with awesome icons depicting celebrities, movies, brands and moreFEAST FOR THE EYESStunning handcrafted designs with icons that bring a smile to your face =)PURE, INSTANT FUNNo registration, no complicated rules  just instant fun! Get started now! SIMPLE AND HIGHLY ADDICTIVE GAMEPLAYCheck out the icons, guess the answer and win! There are hundreds of puzzles to solve!TEST YOUR KNOWLEDGEHow well do you know pop culture? Icomania keeps you guessing with awesome icons depicting celebrities, movies, brands and moreFEAST FOR THE EYESStunning handcrafted designs with icons that bring a smile to your face =)PURE, INSTANT FUNNo registration, no complicated rules  just instant fun! Get started now! TEST YOUR KNOWLEDGEHow well do you know pop culture? Icomania keeps you guessing with awesome icons depicting celebrities, movies, brands and moreFEAST FOR THE EYESStunning handcrafted designs with icons that bring a smile to your face =)PURE, INSTANT FUNNo registration, no complicated rules  just instant fun! Get started now! FEAST FOR THE EYESStunning handcrafted designs with icons that bring a smile to your face =)PURE, INSTANT FUNNo registration, no complicated rules  just instant fun! Get started now! PURE, INSTANT FUNNo registration, no complicated rules  just instant fun! Get started now!
Build an epic roster of DC super heroes and villains and get ready for battle! INJUSTICE: GODS AMONG US is a free-to-play collectible card game where you build a roster of characters, moves, powers, and gear and enter the arena in touch-based 3-on-3 action combat.FIGHTUse the touch screen mechanics of your mobile device to battle your enemies in 3-on-3 action combat. Swipe and tap to perform combos and build your power to pull off special attacks and super moves taken straight from the console version of the game.LEVEL UPBuild your move set, increase your powers, upgrade your characters and gear, and beat your competition. Constantly evolve your card collection to fit your style of play and put your best team forward as you take on a series of DC super hero and villian combatants.zONLINE MULTIPLAYERTake on real opponents in Online Multiplayer Battles. Compete against players worldwide on the leaderboards, and in tournaments filled with awesome rewards. Watch replays of your previous offensive and defensive battles to hone your skills and your team lineup. Lead your team to victory!MASSIVE ROSTERCollect and play as your favorite DC Comics icons: Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, The Joker, Green Arrow, Flash, Bane, Green Lantern, Doomsday, and many others. With each alternate version of these iconic characters you get a new set of powers and moves, and a whole new fight!AMAZING GRAPHICSDelivers best-in-class graphics on your phone or tablet, with custom animations for every single super hero and villain. Take the battle to Arkham Asylum, the Batcave, The Watchtower, and other iconic locales from DC Comics, fully rendered in 3D.Please Note: INJUSTICE: GODS AMONG US is free to play, but it contains items that can be purchased for real money. FIGHTUse the touch screen mechanics of your mobile device to battle your enemies in 3-on-3 action combat. Swipe and tap to perform combos and build your power to pull off special attacks and super moves taken straight from the console version of the game.LEVEL UPBuild your move set, increase your powers, upgrade your characters and gear, and beat your competition. Constantly evolve your card collection to fit your style of play and put your best team forward as you take on a series of DC super hero and villian combatants.zONLINE MULTIPLAYERTake on real opponents in Online Multiplayer Battles. Compete against players worldwide on the leaderboards, and in tournaments filled with awesome rewards. Watch replays of your previous offensive and defensive battles to hone your skills and your team lineup. Lead your team to victory!MASSIVE ROSTERCollect and play as your favorite DC Comics icons: Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, The Joker, Green Arrow, Flash, Bane, Green Lantern, Doomsday, and many others. With each alternate version of these iconic characters you get a new set of powers and moves, and a whole new fight!AMAZING GRAPHICSDelivers best-in-class graphics on your phone or tablet, with custom animations for every single super hero and villain. Take the battle to Arkham Asylum, the Batcave, The Watchtower, and other iconic locales from DC Comics, fully rendered in 3D.Please Note: INJUSTICE: GODS AMONG US is free to play, but it contains items that can be purchased for real money. LEVEL UPBuild your move set, increase your powers, upgrade your characters and gear, and beat your competition. Constantly evolve your card collection to fit your style of play and put your best team forward as you take on a series of DC super hero and villian combatants.zONLINE MULTIPLAYERTake on real opponents in Online Multiplayer Battles. Compete against players worldwide on the leaderboards, and in tournaments filled with awesome rewards. Watch replays of your previous offensive and defensive battles to hone your skills and your team lineup. Lead your team to victory!MASSIVE ROSTERCollect and play as your favorite DC Comics icons: Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, The Joker, Green Arrow, Flash, Bane, Green Lantern, Doomsday, and many others. With each alternate version of these iconic characters you get a new set of powers and moves, and a whole new fight!AMAZING GRAPHICSDelivers best-in-class graphics on your phone or tablet, with custom animations for every single super hero and villain. Take the battle to Arkham Asylum, the Batcave, The Watchtower, and other iconic locales from DC Comics, fully rendered in 3D.Please Note: INJUSTICE: GODS AMONG US is free to play, but it contains items that can be purchased for real money. ONLINE MULTIPLAYERTake on real opponents in Online Multiplayer Battles. Compete against players worldwide on the leaderboards, and in tournaments filled with awesome rewards. Watch replays of your previous offensive and defensive battles to hone your skills and your team lineup. Lead your team to victory!MASSIVE ROSTERCollect and play as your favorite DC Comics icons: Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, The Joker, Green Arrow, Flash, Bane, Green Lantern, Doomsday, and many others. With each alternate version of these iconic characters you get a new set of powers and moves, and a whole new fight!AMAZING GRAPHICSDelivers best-in-class graphics on your phone or tablet, with custom animations for every single super hero and villain. Take the battle to Arkham Asylum, the Batcave, The Watchtower, and other iconic locales from DC Comics, fully rendered in 3D.Please Note: INJUSTICE: GODS AMONG US is free to play, but it contains items that can be purchased for real money. MASSIVE ROSTERCollect and play as your favorite DC Comics icons: Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, The Joker, Green Arrow, Flash, Bane, Green Lantern, Doomsday, and many others. With each alternate version of these iconic characters you get a new set of powers and moves, and a whole new fight!AMAZING GRAPHICSDelivers best-in-class graphics on your phone or tablet, with custom animations for every single super hero and villain. Take the battle to Arkham Asylum, the Batcave, The Watchtower, and other iconic locales from DC Comics, fully rendered in 3D.Please Note: INJUSTICE: GODS AMONG US is free to play, but it contains items that can be purchased for real money. AMAZING GRAPHICSDelivers best-in-class graphics on your phone or tablet, with custom animations for every single super hero and villain. Take the battle to Arkham Asylum, the Batcave, The Watchtower, and other iconic locales from DC Comics, fully rendered in 3D.Please Note: INJUSTICE: GODS AMONG US is free to play, but it contains items that can be purchased for real money. Please Note: INJUSTICE: GODS AMONG US is free to play, but it contains items that can be purchased for real money.
Join KIM KARDASHIAN on a red carpet adventure in Kim Kardashian: Hollywood! Create your own aspiring celebrity and rise to fame and fortune!  CREATE YOUR OWN STAR and customize your look with hundreds of style options, including Kim Kardashians personal picks!  STAR in a huge interactive adventure as you encounter other celebs, dedicated fans, persistent paparazzi and even hang out with Kim herself!  RULE THE RED CARPET as an A-list movie actor, cover model, fashion designer and more  what you do is up to you!  TAKE OVER L.A. in a virtual world complete with exclusive clubs, upscale boutiques, and luxury homes! Travel to New York City and Miami!  DATE AND DUMP CELEBS at the best parties and hottest clubs! Flirt and become the next huge celebrity power-couple!  BRING YOUR FRIENDS ALONG FOR THE RIDE using Facebook  help each other rise to fame, compare styles, send gifts, and see who can be the biggest star! High-end, immersive tablet gameplay!FOLLOW US: facebook.com/GluMobile Twitter @GluMobile Would you play the Kim K game? Of course you would!  MTV News Check out the resemblance! Digital Kim is a spitting image of the real thing!  E! OnlineBible, Ive actually never downloaded or used a single-player cell phone game before this one.  Fashionista.com If youve always wanted to be part of the Kardashian family, its your lucky day.  Marie Claire"You better start practicing your Vogue pout, yall  Glamour 2014 Glu Mobile Inc. All Rights Reserved. Kim Kardashian: Hollywood,TM and  2014 Kimsaprincess, Inc. All rights reserved. Kim Kardashian and Kardashian Kollection and all related designs, stylizations and images are trademarks and copyrights owned by, in part or whole, by Kimsaprincess, Inc. and used under license herein.*** Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is free to play. Players can purchase additional items for real money, or earn them through special offers. Please adjust your device settings if you wish to lock out the ability to purchase in-game content ***Use of this application is governed by Glu Mobiles Terms of Use. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Glu Mobiles Privacy Policy. Both policies are available at www.glu.com. Additional terms may also apply.  CREATE YOUR OWN STAR and customize your look with hundreds of style options, including Kim Kardashians personal picks!  STAR in a huge interactive adventure as you encounter other celebs, dedicated fans, persistent paparazzi and even hang out with Kim herself!  RULE THE RED CARPET as an A-list movie actor, cover model, fashion designer and more  what you do is up to you!  TAKE OVER L.A. in a virtual world complete with exclusive clubs, upscale boutiques, and luxury homes! Travel to New York City and Miami!  DATE AND DUMP CELEBS at the best parties and hottest clubs! Flirt and become the next huge celebrity power-couple!  BRING YOUR FRIENDS ALONG FOR THE RIDE using Facebook  help each other rise to fame, compare styles, send gifts, and see who can be the biggest star! High-end, immersive tablet gameplay!FOLLOW US: facebook.com/GluMobile Twitter @GluMobile Would you play the Kim K game? Of course you would!  MTV News Check out the resemblance! Digital Kim is a spitting image of the real thing!  E! OnlineBible, Ive actually never downloaded or used a single-player cell phone game before this one.  Fashionista.com If youve always wanted to be part of the Kardashian family, its your lucky day.  Marie Claire"You better start practicing your Vogue pout, yall  Glamour 2014 Glu Mobile Inc. All Rights Reserved. Kim Kardashian: Hollywood,TM and  2014 Kimsaprincess, Inc. All rights reserved. Kim Kardashian and Kardashian Kollection and all related designs, stylizations and images are trademarks and copyrights owned by, in part or whole, by Kimsaprincess, Inc. and used under license herein.*** Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is free to play. Players can purchase additional items for real money, or earn them through special offers. Please adjust your device settings if you wish to lock out the ability to purchase in-game content ***Use of this application is governed by Glu Mobiles Terms of Use. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Glu Mobiles Privacy Policy. Both policies are available at www.glu.com. Additional terms may also apply. High-end, immersive tablet gameplay!FOLLOW US: facebook.com/GluMobile Twitter @GluMobile Would you play the Kim K game? Of course you would!  MTV News Check out the resemblance! Digital Kim is a spitting image of the real thing!  E! OnlineBible, Ive actually never downloaded or used a single-player cell phone game before this one.  Fashionista.com If youve always wanted to be part of the Kardashian family, its your lucky day.  Marie Claire"You better start practicing your Vogue pout, yall  Glamour 2014 Glu Mobile Inc. All Rights Reserved. Kim Kardashian: Hollywood,TM and  2014 Kimsaprincess, Inc. All rights reserved. Kim Kardashian and Kardashian Kollection and all related designs, stylizations and images are trademarks and copyrights owned by, in part or whole, by Kimsaprincess, Inc. and used under license herein.*** Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is free to play. Players can purchase additional items for real money, or earn them through special offers. Please adjust your device settings if you wish to lock out the ability to purchase in-game content ***Use of this application is governed by Glu Mobiles Terms of Use. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Glu Mobiles Privacy Policy. Both policies are available at www.glu.com. Additional terms may also apply. FOLLOW US: facebook.com/GluMobile Twitter @GluMobile Would you play the Kim K game? Of course you would!  MTV News Check out the resemblance! Digital Kim is a spitting image of the real thing!  E! OnlineBible, Ive actually never downloaded or used a single-player cell phone game before this one.  Fashionista.com If youve always wanted to be part of the Kardashian family, its your lucky day.  Marie Claire"You better start practicing your Vogue pout, yall  Glamour 2014 Glu Mobile Inc. All Rights Reserved. Kim Kardashian: Hollywood,TM and  2014 Kimsaprincess, Inc. All rights reserved. Kim Kardashian and Kardashian Kollection and all related designs, stylizations and images are trademarks and copyrights owned by, in part or whole, by Kimsaprincess, Inc. and used under license herein.*** Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is free to play. Players can purchase additional items for real money, or earn them through special offers. Please adjust your device settings if you wish to lock out the ability to purchase in-game content ***Use of this application is governed by Glu Mobiles Terms of Use. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Glu Mobiles Privacy Policy. Both policies are available at www.glu.com. Additional terms may also apply. Would you play the Kim K game? Of course you would!  MTV News Check out the resemblance! Digital Kim is a spitting image of the real thing!  E! OnlineBible, Ive actually never downloaded or used a single-player cell phone game before this one.  Fashionista.com If youve always wanted to be part of the Kardashian family, its your lucky day.  Marie Claire"You better start practicing your Vogue pout, yall  Glamour 2014 Glu Mobile Inc. All Rights Reserved. Kim Kardashian: Hollywood,TM and  2014 Kimsaprincess, Inc. All rights reserved. Kim Kardashian and Kardashian Kollection and all related designs, stylizations and images are trademarks and copyrights owned by, in part or whole, by Kimsaprincess, Inc. and used under license herein.*** Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is free to play. Players can purchase additional items for real money, or earn them through special offers. Please adjust your device settings if you wish to lock out the ability to purchase in-game content ***Use of this application is governed by Glu Mobiles Terms of Use. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Glu Mobiles Privacy Policy. Both policies are available at www.glu.com. Additional terms may also apply.  Check out the resemblance! Digital Kim is a spitting image of the real thing!  E! OnlineBible, Ive actually never downloaded or used a single-player cell phone game before this one.  Fashionista.com If youve always wanted to be part of the Kardashian family, its your lucky day.  Marie Claire"You better start practicing your Vogue pout, yall  Glamour 2014 Glu Mobile Inc. All Rights Reserved. Kim Kardashian: Hollywood,TM and  2014 Kimsaprincess, Inc. All rights reserved. Kim Kardashian and Kardashian Kollection and all related designs, stylizations and images are trademarks and copyrights owned by, in part or whole, by Kimsaprincess, Inc. and used under license herein.*** Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is free to play. Players can purchase additional items for real money, or earn them through special offers. Please adjust your device settings if you wish to lock out the ability to purchase in-game content ***Use of this application is governed by Glu Mobiles Terms of Use. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Glu Mobiles Privacy Policy. Both policies are available at www.glu.com. Additional terms may also apply. Bible, Ive actually never downloaded or used a single-player cell phone game before this one.  Fashionista.com If youve always wanted to be part of the Kardashian family, its your lucky day.  Marie Claire"You better start practicing your Vogue pout, yall  Glamour 2014 Glu Mobile Inc. All Rights Reserved. Kim Kardashian: Hollywood,TM and  2014 Kimsaprincess, Inc. All rights reserved. Kim Kardashian and Kardashian Kollection and all related designs, stylizations and images are trademarks and copyrights owned by, in part or whole, by Kimsaprincess, Inc. and used under license herein.*** Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is free to play. Players can purchase additional items for real money, or earn them through special offers. Please adjust your device settings if you wish to lock out the ability to purchase in-game content ***Use of this application is governed by Glu Mobiles Terms of Use. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Glu Mobiles Privacy Policy. Both policies are available at www.glu.com. Additional terms may also apply.  If youve always wanted to be part of the Kardashian family, its your lucky day.  Marie Claire"You better start practicing your Vogue pout, yall  Glamour 2014 Glu Mobile Inc. All Rights Reserved. Kim Kardashian: Hollywood,TM and  2014 Kimsaprincess, Inc. All rights reserved. Kim Kardashian and Kardashian Kollection and all related designs, stylizations and images are trademarks and copyrights owned by, in part or whole, by Kimsaprincess, Inc. and used under license herein.*** Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is free to play. Players can purchase additional items for real money, or earn them through special offers. Please adjust your device settings if you wish to lock out the ability to purchase in-game content ***Use of this application is governed by Glu Mobiles Terms of Use. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Glu Mobiles Privacy Policy. Both policies are available at www.glu.com. Additional terms may also apply. "You better start practicing your Vogue pout, yall  Glamour 2014 Glu Mobile Inc. All Rights Reserved. Kim Kardashian: Hollywood,TM and  2014 Kimsaprincess, Inc. All rights reserved. Kim Kardashian and Kardashian Kollection and all related designs, stylizations and images are trademarks and copyrights owned by, in part or whole, by Kimsaprincess, Inc. and used under license herein.*** Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is free to play. Players can purchase additional items for real money, or earn them through special offers. Please adjust your device settings if you wish to lock out the ability to purchase in-game content ***Use of this application is governed by Glu Mobiles Terms of Use. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Glu Mobiles Privacy Policy. Both policies are available at www.glu.com. Additional terms may also apply.  2014 Glu Mobile Inc. All Rights Reserved. Kim Kardashian: Hollywood,TM and  2014 Kimsaprincess, Inc. All rights reserved. Kim Kardashian and Kardashian Kollection and all related designs, stylizations and images are trademarks and copyrights owned by, in part or whole, by Kimsaprincess, Inc. and used under license herein.*** Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is free to play. Players can purchase additional items for real money, or earn them through special offers. Please adjust your device settings if you wish to lock out the ability to purchase in-game content ***Use of this application is governed by Glu Mobiles Terms of Use. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Glu Mobiles Privacy Policy. Both policies are available at www.glu.com. Additional terms may also apply. Kim Kardashian: Hollywood,TM and  2014 Kimsaprincess, Inc. All rights reserved. Kim Kardashian and Kardashian Kollection and all related designs, stylizations and images are trademarks and copyrights owned by, in part or whole, by Kimsaprincess, Inc. and used under license herein.*** Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is free to play. Players can purchase additional items for real money, or earn them through special offers. Please adjust your device settings if you wish to lock out the ability to purchase in-game content ***Use of this application is governed by Glu Mobiles Terms of Use. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Glu Mobiles Privacy Policy. Both policies are available at www.glu.com. Additional terms may also apply. *** Kim Kardashian: Hollywood is free to play. Players can purchase additional items for real money, or earn them through special offers. Please adjust your device settings if you wish to lock out the ability to purchase in-game content ***Use of this application is governed by Glu Mobiles Terms of Use. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Glu Mobiles Privacy Policy. Both policies are available at www.glu.com. Additional terms may also apply. Use of this application is governed by Glu Mobiles Terms of Use. Collection and use of personal data are subject to Glu Mobiles Privacy Policy. Both policies are available at www.glu.com. Additional terms may also apply.
The 10 floor dungeon features a campaign as a ghostly figure appears inside and revealing its mysteries. A boss fight of insane proportions awaits at the end. How long can you survive?Prepare to join Knights of Pen & Paper 2 in a turn-based, retro style, pixel-art adventure full of danger, intrigue, and semi-appropriate cultural references! Players portray both party and game master playing a tabletop RPG, and must assemble both their characters, and the challenges they will face. "There's something genuinely pleasant about Knights of Pen and Paper 2, especially if you're a fan or tabletop role playing. It pokes fun, but it's always warm towards its subject matter.- Pocket Gamer "a great little RPG that presents excellent value for money with much to love.- Continue PlayGreat new things in Back To the Source! Psion and Druid:  Two new character classes.  Mega Dungeon: A 10-floor mega dungeon.Only the most tenacious of players can reach the final level, defeat the boss and solve its mystery.  Expanded Skill Cap: As with the other expansions, the third expansion will increase skill maximums by 3 (from 15 to 18, 21 or 24, depending on how many expansions you own). New Enchantment Tier: final enchantment level of +5.Main features: The ultimate retro role-playing simulation - again! Fully customizable party, from the players to the game room. Expanded equipment and crafting systems. All-new campaign featuring dozens of locations, sidequests, and dynamic dungeons. Prepare to join Knights of Pen & Paper 2 in a turn-based, retro style, pixel-art adventure full of danger, intrigue, and semi-appropriate cultural references! Players portray both party and game master playing a tabletop RPG, and must assemble both their characters, and the challenges they will face. "There's something genuinely pleasant about Knights of Pen and Paper 2, especially if you're a fan or tabletop role playing. It pokes fun, but it's always warm towards its subject matter.- Pocket Gamer "a great little RPG that presents excellent value for money with much to love.- Continue PlayGreat new things in Back To the Source! Psion and Druid:  Two new character classes.  Mega Dungeon: A 10-floor mega dungeon.Only the most tenacious of players can reach the final level, defeat the boss and solve its mystery.  Expanded Skill Cap: As with the other expansions, the third expansion will increase skill maximums by 3 (from 15 to 18, 21 or 24, depending on how many expansions you own). New Enchantment Tier: final enchantment level of +5.Main features: The ultimate retro role-playing simulation - again! Fully customizable party, from the players to the game room. Expanded equipment and crafting systems. All-new campaign featuring dozens of locations, sidequests, and dynamic dungeons. Players portray both party and game master playing a tabletop RPG, and must assemble both their characters, and the challenges they will face. "There's something genuinely pleasant about Knights of Pen and Paper 2, especially if you're a fan or tabletop role playing. It pokes fun, but it's always warm towards its subject matter.- Pocket Gamer "a great little RPG that presents excellent value for money with much to love.- Continue PlayGreat new things in Back To the Source! Psion and Druid:  Two new character classes.  Mega Dungeon: A 10-floor mega dungeon.Only the most tenacious of players can reach the final level, defeat the boss and solve its mystery.  Expanded Skill Cap: As with the other expansions, the third expansion will increase skill maximums by 3 (from 15 to 18, 21 or 24, depending on how many expansions you own). New Enchantment Tier: final enchantment level of +5.Main features: The ultimate retro role-playing simulation - again! Fully customizable party, from the players to the game room. Expanded equipment and crafting systems. All-new campaign featuring dozens of locations, sidequests, and dynamic dungeons. "There's something genuinely pleasant about Knights of Pen and Paper 2, especially if you're a fan or tabletop role playing. It pokes fun, but it's always warm towards its subject matter.- Pocket Gamer "a great little RPG that presents excellent value for money with much to love.- Continue PlayGreat new things in Back To the Source! Psion and Druid:  Two new character classes.  Mega Dungeon: A 10-floor mega dungeon.Only the most tenacious of players can reach the final level, defeat the boss and solve its mystery.  Expanded Skill Cap: As with the other expansions, the third expansion will increase skill maximums by 3 (from 15 to 18, 21 or 24, depending on how many expansions you own). New Enchantment Tier: final enchantment level of +5.Main features: The ultimate retro role-playing simulation - again! Fully customizable party, from the players to the game room. Expanded equipment and crafting systems. All-new campaign featuring dozens of locations, sidequests, and dynamic dungeons. "a great little RPG that presents excellent value for money with much to love.- Continue PlayGreat new things in Back To the Source! Psion and Druid:  Two new character classes.  Mega Dungeon: A 10-floor mega dungeon.Only the most tenacious of players can reach the final level, defeat the boss and solve its mystery.  Expanded Skill Cap: As with the other expansions, the third expansion will increase skill maximums by 3 (from 15 to 18, 21 or 24, depending on how many expansions you own). New Enchantment Tier: final enchantment level of +5.Main features: The ultimate retro role-playing simulation - again! Fully customizable party, from the players to the game room. Expanded equipment and crafting systems. All-new campaign featuring dozens of locations, sidequests, and dynamic dungeons. Great new things in Back To the Source! Psion and Druid:  Two new character classes.  Mega Dungeon: A 10-floor mega dungeon.Only the most tenacious of players can reach the final level, defeat the boss and solve its mystery.  Expanded Skill Cap: As with the other expansions, the third expansion will increase skill maximums by 3 (from 15 to 18, 21 or 24, depending on how many expansions you own). New Enchantment Tier: final enchantment level of +5.Main features: The ultimate retro role-playing simulation - again! Fully customizable party, from the players to the game room. Expanded equipment and crafting systems. All-new campaign featuring dozens of locations, sidequests, and dynamic dungeons. Main features: The ultimate retro role-playing simulation - again! Fully customizable party, from the players to the game room. Expanded equipment and crafting systems. All-new campaign featuring dozens of locations, sidequests, and dynamic dungeons.
Kung Fu All-Star is an over-the-top arcade style action comedy game with RPG elements, and features famous Kung Fu fighters from classic movies such as Game of Death and Once Upon a Time in China II.Play from a rich cast of over 60 famous MMA fighters from across the world.Pull-off awesome martial art fighting styles such as Boxing, Jeet Kune Do, Karate, Tae Kwon Do, Sumo, Drunken Fist, Muay Thai, and much more with a simple tap of a button.Enjoy more than 150 story campaign stages with hilarious dialogues. Choose from a wide variety of game modes including PvP, PvE Trials, leaderboard challenges and much more.Experience exceptional 3D graphics and steady 30 fps Kung Fu action. Play from a rich cast of over 60 famous MMA fighters from across the world.Pull-off awesome martial art fighting styles such as Boxing, Jeet Kune Do, Karate, Tae Kwon Do, Sumo, Drunken Fist, Muay Thai, and much more with a simple tap of a button.Enjoy more than 150 story campaign stages with hilarious dialogues. Choose from a wide variety of game modes including PvP, PvE Trials, leaderboard challenges and much more.Experience exceptional 3D graphics and steady 30 fps Kung Fu action. Pull-off awesome martial art fighting styles such as Boxing, Jeet Kune Do, Karate, Tae Kwon Do, Sumo, Drunken Fist, Muay Thai, and much more with a simple tap of a button.Enjoy more than 150 story campaign stages with hilarious dialogues. Choose from a wide variety of game modes including PvP, PvE Trials, leaderboard challenges and much more.Experience exceptional 3D graphics and steady 30 fps Kung Fu action. Enjoy more than 150 story campaign stages with hilarious dialogues. Choose from a wide variety of game modes including PvP, PvE Trials, leaderboard challenges and much more.Experience exceptional 3D graphics and steady 30 fps Kung Fu action. Choose from a wide variety of game modes including PvP, PvE Trials, leaderboard challenges and much more.Experience exceptional 3D graphics and steady 30 fps Kung Fu action. Experience exceptional 3D graphics and steady 30 fps Kung Fu action.
Rally your Heroes! Plan every move in this FREE tactical RPG with stunning 3D graphics. Adventure across the realm or take your fight online to challenge the world. FANTASY TACTICS Set in a land on the brink of war, Lionheart Tactics pits your Heroes against hordes of enemies in turn-based combat. Unlock their Skills, unleash their Limit Breaks, and upgrade them from Recruit to Legendary. HUNDREDS OF BATTLES Forge your own story as you travel from the wild hills of Midland to the frozen Splinterpeaks, uncovering new allies and epic weapons along your quest. CHALLENGE THE WORLD Compete online against other players to earn Shields, and rise up the Leagues as you go from lowly bronze to first place! GATHER AN ARMY Rally Heroes from 16 classes and 3 races, from the wolf-like Barghest Warrior to the noble Rose Elf Archer. Each class has their own skills and strategies to master. In Lionheart your greatest weapons are your Heroes... and your tactics. ----------------------------------------------------- KEY FEATURES  Tactics in full 3D, with over 50 battlefields to conquer.  Tons of Hero classes to collect, upgrade and equip.  Compete online to raise your league and leaderboard ranking.  Challenge a campaign of over 200 battles.  Take down 30+ types of enemy, from bestial Ursoc to skeletal Undead. ----------------------------------------------------- PLEASE NOTE: Lionheart Tactics is free to play, but some extra game items can be purchased for real money. You can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings. NOTE: A network connection is required to play. FANTASY TACTICS Set in a land on the brink of war, Lionheart Tactics pits your Heroes against hordes of enemies in turn-based combat. Unlock their Skills, unleash their Limit Breaks, and upgrade them from Recruit to Legendary. HUNDREDS OF BATTLES Forge your own story as you travel from the wild hills of Midland to the frozen Splinterpeaks, uncovering new allies and epic weapons along your quest. CHALLENGE THE WORLD Compete online against other players to earn Shields, and rise up the Leagues as you go from lowly bronze to first place! GATHER AN ARMY Rally Heroes from 16 classes and 3 races, from the wolf-like Barghest Warrior to the noble Rose Elf Archer. Each class has their own skills and strategies to master. In Lionheart your greatest weapons are your Heroes... and your tactics. ----------------------------------------------------- KEY FEATURES  Tactics in full 3D, with over 50 battlefields to conquer.  Tons of Hero classes to collect, upgrade and equip.  Compete online to raise your league and leaderboard ranking.  Challenge a campaign of over 200 battles.  Take down 30+ types of enemy, from bestial Ursoc to skeletal Undead. ----------------------------------------------------- PLEASE NOTE: Lionheart Tactics is free to play, but some extra game items can be purchased for real money. You can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings. NOTE: A network connection is required to play. HUNDREDS OF BATTLES Forge your own story as you travel from the wild hills of Midland to the frozen Splinterpeaks, uncovering new allies and epic weapons along your quest. CHALLENGE THE WORLD Compete online against other players to earn Shields, and rise up the Leagues as you go from lowly bronze to first place! GATHER AN ARMY Rally Heroes from 16 classes and 3 races, from the wolf-like Barghest Warrior to the noble Rose Elf Archer. Each class has their own skills and strategies to master. In Lionheart your greatest weapons are your Heroes... and your tactics. ----------------------------------------------------- KEY FEATURES  Tactics in full 3D, with over 50 battlefields to conquer.  Tons of Hero classes to collect, upgrade and equip.  Compete online to raise your league and leaderboard ranking.  Challenge a campaign of over 200 battles.  Take down 30+ types of enemy, from bestial Ursoc to skeletal Undead. ----------------------------------------------------- PLEASE NOTE: Lionheart Tactics is free to play, but some extra game items can be purchased for real money. You can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings. NOTE: A network connection is required to play. CHALLENGE THE WORLD Compete online against other players to earn Shields, and rise up the Leagues as you go from lowly bronze to first place! GATHER AN ARMY Rally Heroes from 16 classes and 3 races, from the wolf-like Barghest Warrior to the noble Rose Elf Archer. Each class has their own skills and strategies to master. In Lionheart your greatest weapons are your Heroes... and your tactics. ----------------------------------------------------- KEY FEATURES  Tactics in full 3D, with over 50 battlefields to conquer.  Tons of Hero classes to collect, upgrade and equip.  Compete online to raise your league and leaderboard ranking.  Challenge a campaign of over 200 battles.  Take down 30+ types of enemy, from bestial Ursoc to skeletal Undead. ----------------------------------------------------- PLEASE NOTE: Lionheart Tactics is free to play, but some extra game items can be purchased for real money. You can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings. NOTE: A network connection is required to play. GATHER AN ARMY Rally Heroes from 16 classes and 3 races, from the wolf-like Barghest Warrior to the noble Rose Elf Archer. Each class has their own skills and strategies to master. In Lionheart your greatest weapons are your Heroes... and your tactics. ----------------------------------------------------- KEY FEATURES  Tactics in full 3D, with over 50 battlefields to conquer.  Tons of Hero classes to collect, upgrade and equip.  Compete online to raise your league and leaderboard ranking.  Challenge a campaign of over 200 battles.  Take down 30+ types of enemy, from bestial Ursoc to skeletal Undead. ----------------------------------------------------- PLEASE NOTE: Lionheart Tactics is free to play, but some extra game items can be purchased for real money. You can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings. NOTE: A network connection is required to play. In Lionheart your greatest weapons are your Heroes... and your tactics. ----------------------------------------------------- KEY FEATURES  Tactics in full 3D, with over 50 battlefields to conquer.  Tons of Hero classes to collect, upgrade and equip.  Compete online to raise your league and leaderboard ranking.  Challenge a campaign of over 200 battles.  Take down 30+ types of enemy, from bestial Ursoc to skeletal Undead. ----------------------------------------------------- PLEASE NOTE: Lionheart Tactics is free to play, but some extra game items can be purchased for real money. You can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings. NOTE: A network connection is required to play. ----------------------------------------------------- KEY FEATURES  Tactics in full 3D, with over 50 battlefields to conquer.  Tons of Hero classes to collect, upgrade and equip.  Compete online to raise your league and leaderboard ranking.  Challenge a campaign of over 200 battles.  Take down 30+ types of enemy, from bestial Ursoc to skeletal Undead. ----------------------------------------------------- PLEASE NOTE: Lionheart Tactics is free to play, but some extra game items can be purchased for real money. You can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings. NOTE: A network connection is required to play. PLEASE NOTE: Lionheart Tactics is free to play, but some extra game items can be purchased for real money. You can disable in-app purchases in your device's settings. NOTE: A network connection is required to play. NOTE: A network connection is required to play.
Start with four basic items and use them to find dinosaurs, unicorns and spaceships!FEATURES 560 elements. One-handed gameplay. Available in English, Spanish, Portuguese, German, French, Polish, Dutch, Swedish and Norwegian. Mix elements to create interesting, fun and surprising items. Play at your own pace. Every combination is a little puzzle to solve. Leaderboards - check how many elements your friends have. Achievements. Google Play Games integration.The game is free. And when we say free we mean it! No ads. No in-app payments. FEATURES 560 elements. One-handed gameplay. Available in English, Spanish, Portuguese, German, French, Polish, Dutch, Swedish and Norwegian. Mix elements to create interesting, fun and surprising items. Play at your own pace. Every combination is a little puzzle to solve. Leaderboards - check how many elements your friends have. Achievements. Google Play Games integration.The game is free. And when we say free we mean it! No ads. No in-app payments.  560 elements. One-handed gameplay. Available in English, Spanish, Portuguese, German, French, Polish, Dutch, Swedish and Norwegian. Mix elements to create interesting, fun and surprising items. Play at your own pace. Every combination is a little puzzle to solve. Leaderboards - check how many elements your friends have. Achievements. Google Play Games integration.The game is free. And when we say free we mean it! No ads. No in-app payments. The game is free. And when we say free we mean it! No ads. No in-app payments.
A beautiful masterpiece that everyone should try ... it might be the most compelling and beautiful indie game Ive played all year. (Gamezone)"A deft statement on games and how we play them." (Engadget)"The test I want a good game to pass is simple: I want it to stick with me. I want it to seep into my thoughts days after I played it. Little Inferno is simple. It's somehow both quaint and bold. It lingers. It burns brightly. It burns well." (Kotaku)"Entrancing, beautiful, and surprising...one of the most emotionally affecting gaming experiences Ive had in a while." (Forbes)Nominated for IGF Grand Prize, Nuovo Award, Tech Excellence, with honorable mentions in Design and Audio.Congratulations on your new Little Inferno Entertainment Fireplace! Throw your toys into your fire, and play with them as they burn. Stay warm in there. It's getting cold outside!Burn flaming logs, screaming robots, credit cards, batteries, exploding fish, unstable nuclear devices, and tiny galaxies. An adventure that takes place almost entirely in front of a fireplace - about looking up up up out of the chimney, and the cold world just on the other side of the wall.* From the designers of World of Goo and Henry Hatsworth in the Puzzling Adventure* 100% indie - made by 3 guys, no office, no publishers, no funding* IAP Free - no spam, upselling, ads, of any sort. Just the game. Short, polished, perfeccct as possible.* Soundtrack available free on our website. http://tomorrowcorporation.com/little-inferno-soundtrack* Play in English, Spanish, French, Dutch, German, Brazilian Portuguese, and Italian. Thank you to all of our volunteer translators! "A deft statement on games and how we play them." (Engadget)"The test I want a good game to pass is simple: I want it to stick with me. I want it to seep into my thoughts days after I played it. Little Inferno is simple. It's somehow both quaint and bold. It lingers. It burns brightly. It burns well." (Kotaku)"Entrancing, beautiful, and surprising...one of the most emotionally affecting gaming experiences Ive had in a while." (Forbes)Nominated for IGF Grand Prize, Nuovo Award, Tech Excellence, with honorable mentions in Design and Audio.Congratulations on your new Little Inferno Entertainment Fireplace! Throw your toys into your fire, and play with them as they burn. Stay warm in there. It's getting cold outside!Burn flaming logs, screaming robots, credit cards, batteries, exploding fish, unstable nuclear devices, and tiny galaxies. An adventure that takes place almost entirely in front of a fireplace - about looking up up up out of the chimney, and the cold world just on the other side of the wall.* From the designers of World of Goo and Henry Hatsworth in the Puzzling Adventure* 100% indie - made by 3 guys, no office, no publishers, no funding* IAP Free - no spam, upselling, ads, of any sort. Just the game. Short, polished, perfeccct as possible.* Soundtrack available free on our website. http://tomorrowcorporation.com/little-inferno-soundtrack* Play in English, Spanish, French, Dutch, German, Brazilian Portuguese, and Italian. Thank you to all of our volunteer translators! "The test I want a good game to pass is simple: I want it to stick with me. I want it to seep into my thoughts days after I played it. Little Inferno is simple. It's somehow both quaint and bold. It lingers. It burns brightly. It burns well." (Kotaku)"Entrancing, beautiful, and surprising...one of the most emotionally affecting gaming experiences Ive had in a while." (Forbes)Nominated for IGF Grand Prize, Nuovo Award, Tech Excellence, with honorable mentions in Design and Audio.Congratulations on your new Little Inferno Entertainment Fireplace! Throw your toys into your fire, and play with them as they burn. Stay warm in there. It's getting cold outside!Burn flaming logs, screaming robots, credit cards, batteries, exploding fish, unstable nuclear devices, and tiny galaxies. An adventure that takes place almost entirely in front of a fireplace - about looking up up up out of the chimney, and the cold world just on the other side of the wall.* From the designers of World of Goo and Henry Hatsworth in the Puzzling Adventure* 100% indie - made by 3 guys, no office, no publishers, no funding* IAP Free - no spam, upselling, ads, of any sort. Just the game. Short, polished, perfeccct as possible.* Soundtrack available free on our website. http://tomorrowcorporation.com/little-inferno-soundtrack* Play in English, Spanish, French, Dutch, German, Brazilian Portuguese, and Italian. Thank you to all of our volunteer translators! "Entrancing, beautiful, and surprising...one of the most emotionally affecting gaming experiences Ive had in a while." (Forbes)Nominated for IGF Grand Prize, Nuovo Award, Tech Excellence, with honorable mentions in Design and Audio.Congratulations on your new Little Inferno Entertainment Fireplace! Throw your toys into your fire, and play with them as they burn. Stay warm in there. It's getting cold outside!Burn flaming logs, screaming robots, credit cards, batteries, exploding fish, unstable nuclear devices, and tiny galaxies. An adventure that takes place almost entirely in front of a fireplace - about looking up up up out of the chimney, and the cold world just on the other side of the wall.* From the designers of World of Goo and Henry Hatsworth in the Puzzling Adventure* 100% indie - made by 3 guys, no office, no publishers, no funding* IAP Free - no spam, upselling, ads, of any sort. Just the game. Short, polished, perfeccct as possible.* Soundtrack available free on our website. http://tomorrowcorporation.com/little-inferno-soundtrack* Play in English, Spanish, French, Dutch, German, Brazilian Portuguese, and Italian. Thank you to all of our volunteer translators! Nominated for IGF Grand Prize, Nuovo Award, Tech Excellence, with honorable mentions in Design and Audio.Congratulations on your new Little Inferno Entertainment Fireplace! Throw your toys into your fire, and play with them as they burn. Stay warm in there. It's getting cold outside!Burn flaming logs, screaming robots, credit cards, batteries, exploding fish, unstable nuclear devices, and tiny galaxies. An adventure that takes place almost entirely in front of a fireplace - about looking up up up out of the chimney, and the cold world just on the other side of the wall.* From the designers of World of Goo and Henry Hatsworth in the Puzzling Adventure* 100% indie - made by 3 guys, no office, no publishers, no funding* IAP Free - no spam, upselling, ads, of any sort. Just the game. Short, polished, perfeccct as possible.* Soundtrack available free on our website. http://tomorrowcorporation.com/little-inferno-soundtrack* Play in English, Spanish, French, Dutch, German, Brazilian Portuguese, and Italian. Thank you to all of our volunteer translators! Congratulations on your new Little Inferno Entertainment Fireplace! Throw your toys into your fire, and play with them as they burn. Stay warm in there. It's getting cold outside!Burn flaming logs, screaming robots, credit cards, batteries, exploding fish, unstable nuclear devices, and tiny galaxies. An adventure that takes place almost entirely in front of a fireplace - about looking up up up out of the chimney, and the cold world just on the other side of the wall.* From the designers of World of Goo and Henry Hatsworth in the Puzzling Adventure* 100% indie - made by 3 guys, no office, no publishers, no funding* IAP Free - no spam, upselling, ads, of any sort. Just the game. Short, polished, perfeccct as possible.* Soundtrack available free on our website. http://tomorrowcorporation.com/little-inferno-soundtrack* Play in English, Spanish, French, Dutch, German, Brazilian Portuguese, and Italian. Thank you to all of our volunteer translators! Burn flaming logs, screaming robots, credit cards, batteries, exploding fish, unstable nuclear devices, and tiny galaxies. An adventure that takes place almost entirely in front of a fireplace - about looking up up up out of the chimney, and the cold world just on the other side of the wall.* From the designers of World of Goo and Henry Hatsworth in the Puzzling Adventure* 100% indie - made by 3 guys, no office, no publishers, no funding* IAP Free - no spam, upselling, ads, of any sort. Just the game. Short, polished, perfeccct as possible.* Soundtrack available free on our website. http://tomorrowcorporation.com/little-inferno-soundtrack* Play in English, Spanish, French, Dutch, German, Brazilian Portuguese, and Italian. Thank you to all of our volunteer translators! * From the designers of World of Goo and Henry Hatsworth in the Puzzling Adventure* 100% indie - made by 3 guys, no office, no publishers, no funding* IAP Free - no spam, upselling, ads, of any sort. Just the game. Short, polished, perfeccct as possible.* Soundtrack available free on our website. http://tomorrowcorporation.com/little-inferno-soundtrack* Play in English, Spanish, French, Dutch, German, Brazilian Portuguese, and Italian. Thank you to all of our volunteer translators! * 100% indie - made by 3 guys, no office, no publishers, no funding* IAP Free - no spam, upselling, ads, of any sort. Just the game. Short, polished, perfeccct as possible.* Soundtrack available free on our website. http://tomorrowcorporation.com/little-inferno-soundtrack* Play in English, Spanish, French, Dutch, German, Brazilian Portuguese, and Italian. Thank you to all of our volunteer translators! * IAP Free - no spam, upselling, ads, of any sort. Just the game. Short, polished, perfeccct as possible.* Soundtrack available free on our website. http://tomorrowcorporation.com/little-inferno-soundtrack* Play in English, Spanish, French, Dutch, German, Brazilian Portuguese, and Italian. Thank you to all of our volunteer translators! * Soundtrack available free on our website. http://tomorrowcorporation.com/little-inferno-soundtrack* Play in English, Spanish, French, Dutch, German, Brazilian Portuguese, and Italian. Thank you to all of our volunteer translators! * Play in English, Spanish, French, Dutch, German, Brazilian Portuguese, and Italian. Thank you to all of our volunteer translators!
Guess the brands with #1 Logo Quiz!Logo Quiz is a free game where you guess the names of thousands of logos from popular companies.We can see various company logos every day and everywhere.On TV, walking along the street, in magazines ... simply everywhere!How many of brand logos can you guess?More than 2500 logos are available for you to guess in over 52 exciting levels. More than 60 000 000 downloads around the world! Thank you! FEATURES: 2500 logos and a small size of the application! 52 exciting levels! 15 languages support! Learn more about brands after correctly guessing! Helpful clues! Each logo has 5 hints!  12 free hints every 15 minutes! Free hints are available in our store every day! New hints are granted for correct logo quiz answers. Swipe screen to switch between logos! Cloud Save! Start game on your phone and continue where you left off on your tablet! Detailed statistics! New leaderboard! Compare your scores with your friends! Frequent application updates!New Extra Levels! Available only in our game, all for free! 665 riddles in "Guess The Color", 200 riddles in "Slogans", 300 logos in "Minimalist Logos", 1000 logos in "Expert Mode"!Compare your answers with your friends! Challenge them to see who knows more logos!New logos coming soon.Check for the updates!----------Find Us on Facebook and stay up-to-date!http://bit.ly/fb-logo-quiz Logo Quiz is a free game where you guess the names of thousands of logos from popular companies.We can see various company logos every day and everywhere.On TV, walking along the street, in magazines ... simply everywhere!How many of brand logos can you guess?More than 2500 logos are available for you to guess in over 52 exciting levels. More than 60 000 000 downloads around the world! Thank you! FEATURES: 2500 logos and a small size of the application! 52 exciting levels! 15 languages support! Learn more about brands after correctly guessing! Helpful clues! Each logo has 5 hints!  12 free hints every 15 minutes! Free hints are available in our store every day! New hints are granted for correct logo quiz answers. Swipe screen to switch between logos! Cloud Save! Start game on your phone and continue where you left off on your tablet! Detailed statistics! New leaderboard! Compare your scores with your friends! Frequent application updates!New Extra Levels! Available only in our game, all for free! 665 riddles in "Guess The Color", 200 riddles in "Slogans", 300 logos in "Minimalist Logos", 1000 logos in "Expert Mode"!Compare your answers with your friends! Challenge them to see who knows more logos!New logos coming soon.Check for the updates!----------Find Us on Facebook and stay up-to-date!http://bit.ly/fb-logo-quiz We can see various company logos every day and everywhere.On TV, walking along the street, in magazines ... simply everywhere!How many of brand logos can you guess?More than 2500 logos are available for you to guess in over 52 exciting levels. More than 60 000 000 downloads around the world! Thank you! FEATURES: 2500 logos and a small size of the application! 52 exciting levels! 15 languages support! Learn more about brands after correctly guessing! Helpful clues! Each logo has 5 hints!  12 free hints every 15 minutes! Free hints are available in our store every day! New hints are granted for correct logo quiz answers. Swipe screen to switch between logos! Cloud Save! Start game on your phone and continue where you left off on your tablet! Detailed statistics! New leaderboard! Compare your scores with your friends! Frequent application updates!New Extra Levels! Available only in our game, all for free! 665 riddles in "Guess The Color", 200 riddles in "Slogans", 300 logos in "Minimalist Logos", 1000 logos in "Expert Mode"!Compare your answers with your friends! Challenge them to see who knows more logos!New logos coming soon.Check for the updates!----------Find Us on Facebook and stay up-to-date!http://bit.ly/fb-logo-quiz More than 2500 logos are available for you to guess in over 52 exciting levels. More than 60 000 000 downloads around the world! Thank you! FEATURES: 2500 logos and a small size of the application! 52 exciting levels! 15 languages support! Learn more about brands after correctly guessing! Helpful clues! Each logo has 5 hints!  12 free hints every 15 minutes! Free hints are available in our store every day! New hints are granted for correct logo quiz answers. Swipe screen to switch between logos! Cloud Save! Start game on your phone and continue where you left off on your tablet! Detailed statistics! New leaderboard! Compare your scores with your friends! Frequent application updates!New Extra Levels! Available only in our game, all for free! 665 riddles in "Guess The Color", 200 riddles in "Slogans", 300 logos in "Minimalist Logos", 1000 logos in "Expert Mode"!Compare your answers with your friends! Challenge them to see who knows more logos!New logos coming soon.Check for the updates!----------Find Us on Facebook and stay up-to-date!http://bit.ly/fb-logo-quiz FEATURES: 2500 logos and a small size of the application! 52 exciting levels! 15 languages support! Learn more about brands after correctly guessing! Helpful clues! Each logo has 5 hints!  12 free hints every 15 minutes! Free hints are available in our store every day! New hints are granted for correct logo quiz answers. Swipe screen to switch between logos! Cloud Save! Start game on your phone and continue where you left off on your tablet! Detailed statistics! New leaderboard! Compare your scores with your friends! Frequent application updates!New Extra Levels! Available only in our game, all for free! 665 riddles in "Guess The Color", 200 riddles in "Slogans", 300 logos in "Minimalist Logos", 1000 logos in "Expert Mode"!Compare your answers with your friends! Challenge them to see who knows more logos!New logos coming soon.Check for the updates!----------Find Us on Facebook and stay up-to-date!http://bit.ly/fb-logo-quiz New Extra Levels! Available only in our game, all for free! 665 riddles in "Guess The Color", 200 riddles in "Slogans", 300 logos in "Minimalist Logos", 1000 logos in "Expert Mode"!Compare your answers with your friends! Challenge them to see who knows more logos!New logos coming soon.Check for the updates!----------Find Us on Facebook and stay up-to-date!http://bit.ly/fb-logo-quiz Compare your answers with your friends! Challenge them to see who knows more logos!New logos coming soon.Check for the updates!----------Find Us on Facebook and stay up-to-date!http://bit.ly/fb-logo-quiz New logos coming soon.Check for the updates!----------Find Us on Facebook and stay up-to-date!http://bit.ly/fb-logo-quiz ----------Find Us on Facebook and stay up-to-date!http://bit.ly/fb-logo-quiz
Some creature has carried your son off into the portal! Set off for the search to the Lost Lands full of mysteries!Lost Lands: Dark Overlord - an adventurous hidden object game-quest with puzzles and mini-games that tells a story about the stunning fantasy world full of unknown corners and mysterious inhabitants.Young mother with her son were about to leave their cottage located in the woods. Susan's son Jimmy was playing nearby when suddenly he heard strange voices... Susan had just stepped away to answer the phone, but when she returned she saw something pulling her son Jimmy through a shimmering portal. It closed before she could pull him back. To save her son, Susan must find a way to this other world. The things will turn out to be more complicated than the woman expects. On the way, she will face lots of puzzles and mysteries, as well as the mysterious inhabitants of the Lost Lands. To bring Jimmy back she will have to win a victory over the Dark Overlord who's keeping the world in fear!Will the mother in despair be able to save her child and free the world from the evil?Game features: Explore over 50 stunning locations Complete over 40 different mini-games Immerse yourself into the magic underwater world in the bonus chapter! Challenge yourself with interactive hidden object scenes Assemble collections, gather morphing objects, and gain achievements The game is optimized for tablets and phones!Start your journey in the Lost Lands!Meet lots of fairy-tale characters and help them  they will answer in kind!Solve dozens of puzzles and learn more about the Lost lands history!Explore astonishing places located in the Lost Lands!Protect the world from the destructive power of the vice!+++ Get more games created by FIVE-BN! +++WWW:http://five-bn.comFACEBOOK:https://www.facebook.com/fivebn/TWITTER:https://twitter.com/fivebngamesYOUTUBE:https://youtube.com/fivebnPINTEREST:https://pinterest.com/five_bn/INSTAGRAM:https://www.instagram.com/five_bn/ Lost Lands: Dark Overlord - an adventurous hidden object game-quest with puzzles and mini-games that tells a story about the stunning fantasy world full of unknown corners and mysterious inhabitants.Young mother with her son were about to leave their cottage located in the woods. Susan's son Jimmy was playing nearby when suddenly he heard strange voices... Susan had just stepped away to answer the phone, but when she returned she saw something pulling her son Jimmy through a shimmering portal. It closed before she could pull him back. To save her son, Susan must find a way to this other world. The things will turn out to be more complicated than the woman expects. On the way, she will face lots of puzzles and mysteries, as well as the mysterious inhabitants of the Lost Lands. To bring Jimmy back she will have to win a victory over the Dark Overlord who's keeping the world in fear!Will the mother in despair be able to save her child and free the world from the evil?Game features: Explore over 50 stunning locations Complete over 40 different mini-games Immerse yourself into the magic underwater world in the bonus chapter! Challenge yourself with interactive hidden object scenes Assemble collections, gather morphing objects, and gain achievements The game is optimized for tablets and phones!Start your journey in the Lost Lands!Meet lots of fairy-tale characters and help them  they will answer in kind!Solve dozens of puzzles and learn more about the Lost lands history!Explore astonishing places located in the Lost Lands!Protect the world from the destructive power of the vice!+++ Get more games created by FIVE-BN! +++WWW:http://five-bn.comFACEBOOK:https://www.facebook.com/fivebn/TWITTER:https://twitter.com/fivebngamesYOUTUBE:https://youtube.com/fivebnPINTEREST:https://pinterest.com/five_bn/INSTAGRAM:https://www.instagram.com/five_bn/ Young mother with her son were about to leave their cottage located in the woods. Susan's son Jimmy was playing nearby when suddenly he heard strange voices... Susan had just stepped away to answer the phone, but when she returned she saw something pulling her son Jimmy through a shimmering portal. It closed before she could pull him back. To save her son, Susan must find a way to this other world. The things will turn out to be more complicated than the woman expects. On the way, she will face lots of puzzles and mysteries, as well as the mysterious inhabitants of the Lost Lands. To bring Jimmy back she will have to win a victory over the Dark Overlord who's keeping the world in fear!Will the mother in despair be able to save her child and free the world from the evil?Game features: Explore over 50 stunning locations Complete over 40 different mini-games Immerse yourself into the magic underwater world in the bonus chapter! Challenge yourself with interactive hidden object scenes Assemble collections, gather morphing objects, and gain achievements The game is optimized for tablets and phones!Start your journey in the Lost Lands!Meet lots of fairy-tale characters and help them  they will answer in kind!Solve dozens of puzzles and learn more about the Lost lands history!Explore astonishing places located in the Lost Lands!Protect the world from the destructive power of the vice!+++ Get more games created by FIVE-BN! +++WWW:http://five-bn.comFACEBOOK:https://www.facebook.com/fivebn/TWITTER:https://twitter.com/fivebngamesYOUTUBE:https://youtube.com/fivebnPINTEREST:https://pinterest.com/five_bn/INSTAGRAM:https://www.instagram.com/five_bn/ Game features: Explore over 50 stunning locations Complete over 40 different mini-games Immerse yourself into the magic underwater world in the bonus chapter! Challenge yourself with interactive hidden object scenes Assemble collections, gather morphing objects, and gain achievements The game is optimized for tablets and phones!Start your journey in the Lost Lands!Meet lots of fairy-tale characters and help them  they will answer in kind!Solve dozens of puzzles and learn more about the Lost lands history!Explore astonishing places located in the Lost Lands!Protect the world from the destructive power of the vice!+++ Get more games created by FIVE-BN! +++WWW:http://five-bn.comFACEBOOK:https://www.facebook.com/fivebn/TWITTER:https://twitter.com/fivebngamesYOUTUBE:https://youtube.com/fivebnPINTEREST:https://pinterest.com/five_bn/INSTAGRAM:https://www.instagram.com/five_bn/ Start your journey in the Lost Lands!Meet lots of fairy-tale characters and help them  they will answer in kind!Solve dozens of puzzles and learn more about the Lost lands history!Explore astonishing places located in the Lost Lands!Protect the world from the destructive power of the vice!+++ Get more games created by FIVE-BN! +++WWW:http://five-bn.comFACEBOOK:https://www.facebook.com/fivebn/TWITTER:https://twitter.com/fivebngamesYOUTUBE:https://youtube.com/fivebnPINTEREST:https://pinterest.com/five_bn/INSTAGRAM:https://www.instagram.com/five_bn/ +++ Get more games created by FIVE-BN! +++WWW:http://five-bn.comFACEBOOK:https://www.facebook.com/fivebn/TWITTER:https://twitter.com/fivebngamesYOUTUBE:https://youtube.com/fivebnPINTEREST:https://pinterest.com/five_bn/INSTAGRAM:https://www.instagram.com/five_bn/
Machinarium is the award-winning independent adventure game developed by the makers of Samorost series and Botanicula.Help Josef the robot to save his girlfriend Berta kidnapped by the Black Cap Brotherhood gang."Absolutely Fantastic" - TouchArcade4/4 - USA TODAY4/4 - SlideToPlay9/10 - Pocket GamerAwards:- IGF, Excellence in Visual Art Award- Gamasutra, Best Indie Game Of The Year- VGChartz.com, Best Indie Game Of The Year Help Josef the robot to save his girlfriend Berta kidnapped by the Black Cap Brotherhood gang."Absolutely Fantastic" - TouchArcade4/4 - USA TODAY4/4 - SlideToPlay9/10 - Pocket GamerAwards:- IGF, Excellence in Visual Art Award- Gamasutra, Best Indie Game Of The Year- VGChartz.com, Best Indie Game Of The Year "Absolutely Fantastic" - TouchArcade4/4 - USA TODAY4/4 - SlideToPlay9/10 - Pocket GamerAwards:- IGF, Excellence in Visual Art Award- Gamasutra, Best Indie Game Of The Year- VGChartz.com, Best Indie Game Of The Year Awards:- IGF, Excellence in Visual Art Award- Gamasutra, Best Indie Game Of The Year- VGChartz.com, Best Indie Game Of The Year
War is coming  Will you be ready? Summon heroes to defend your kingdom and charge the enemy in this one-of-a-kind RTS adventure!Magic Rush: Heroes is a revolutionary combination of skill-aiming controls, a thrilling, real-time PvP Ladder Tourney mode, exciting multiplayer World Map battles, simple yet addicting Tower Defense, and more! Experience the fun of multiple different genres all wrapped up in one extraordinary game.Rush forth on an unforgettable adventure that you wont forget!FeaturesSummon Powerful Attacks With Skill-Aiming- Manually choose targets or directions when casting skills. You call the shots!- Summon attacks to stun, silence, knock airborne, heal and even interrupt enemy skills using precise controls- Strategy and speed combine. Master them both, and victory is truly in your hands!Hero Training Powers You Up to Defend the Kingdom- Role play as diverse hero types, including dozens of unlockable heroes with hundreds of distinctive skills.- Heroes can be combined in different ways and take the opposition by storm.- Upgrade your defender with equipment enhancing, rune inlaying, and unique upgrades and abilities for every kind of weapon.- RPGs and RTS combine to bring you the ultimate Equipment System.PvP Games in the Ladder Tourney- Charge to war in a global, cross-server PvP Arena with a turn-based ban/pick phase to level the playing field.- Defend your victory by strategically banning your opponents heroes depending on your own battle plan.- PvP combat offers awesome rewards for every season!War Strategy and RTS Gameplay- RTS combat challenges you to build your tower, upgrade your tech, and dispatch your armies to plunder resources from enemies.- Defend the kingdom together! Create alliances with millions of players from around the world to thrive in this war-torn landscape.- RTS battles let you conquer enemies to become the dominant alliance!Hero Tower Defense Combines Your Favorite Strategy Genres- An all-new Hero Tower Defense concept cleverly combines the heroes of the game with dozens of exquisitely designed Tower Defense stages.- Drop tower emplacements and activate Hero abilities in real time during exciting battles that you wont want to put down!- Defend your based on one-of-a-kind map creations.Constant Updates Offer- New heroes- In-game events- Weekly updates based on your feedback and suggestions!- Hard-working developers are constantly updating and improving the gaming experience with new gameplay!Are you the defender this kingdom needs? Download Magic Rush: Heroes and join the RTS war today!PLEASE NOTE! Magic Rush is free to download and play, however some game items can also be purchased for real money. If you do not want to use this feature, please set up password protection for purchases in the settings of your Google Play Store app. Also, under our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, you must be at least 13 years of age to play or download Magic Rush.Have any questions or issues with the free tower defense RPG adventure game from Elex Tech? Reach us at: magicrush.help@gmail.comFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/MagicRushOnlineTwitter: @MagicRushHeroesOfficial Forum: http://f.elex.com/forums/35-Magic-Rush-Heroes Rush forth on an unforgettable adventure that you wont forget!FeaturesSummon Powerful Attacks With Skill-Aiming- Manually choose targets or directions when casting skills. You call the shots!- Summon attacks to stun, silence, knock airborne, heal and even interrupt enemy skills using precise controls- Strategy and speed combine. Master them both, and victory is truly in your hands!Hero Training Powers You Up to Defend the Kingdom- Role play as diverse hero types, including dozens of unlockable heroes with hundreds of distinctive skills.- Heroes can be combined in different ways and take the opposition by storm.- Upgrade your defender with equipment enhancing, rune inlaying, and unique upgrades and abilities for every kind of weapon.- RPGs and RTS combine to bring you the ultimate Equipment System.PvP Games in the Ladder Tourney- Charge to war in a global, cross-server PvP Arena with a turn-based ban/pick phase to level the playing field.- Defend your victory by strategically banning your opponents heroes depending on your own battle plan.- PvP combat offers awesome rewards for every season!War Strategy and RTS Gameplay- RTS combat challenges you to build your tower, upgrade your tech, and dispatch your armies to plunder resources from enemies.- Defend the kingdom together! Create alliances with millions of players from around the world to thrive in this war-torn landscape.- RTS battles let you conquer enemies to become the dominant alliance!Hero Tower Defense Combines Your Favorite Strategy Genres- An all-new Hero Tower Defense concept cleverly combines the heroes of the game with dozens of exquisitely designed Tower Defense stages.- Drop tower emplacements and activate Hero abilities in real time during exciting battles that you wont want to put down!- Defend your based on one-of-a-kind map creations.Constant Updates Offer- New heroes- In-game events- Weekly updates based on your feedback and suggestions!- Hard-working developers are constantly updating and improving the gaming experience with new gameplay!Are you the defender this kingdom needs? Download Magic Rush: Heroes and join the RTS war today!PLEASE NOTE! Magic Rush is free to download and play, however some game items can also be purchased for real money. If you do not want to use this feature, please set up password protection for purchases in the settings of your Google Play Store app. Also, under our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, you must be at least 13 years of age to play or download Magic Rush.Have any questions or issues with the free tower defense RPG adventure game from Elex Tech? Reach us at: magicrush.help@gmail.comFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/MagicRushOnlineTwitter: @MagicRushHeroesOfficial Forum: http://f.elex.com/forums/35-Magic-Rush-Heroes FeaturesSummon Powerful Attacks With Skill-Aiming- Manually choose targets or directions when casting skills. You call the shots!- Summon attacks to stun, silence, knock airborne, heal and even interrupt enemy skills using precise controls- Strategy and speed combine. Master them both, and victory is truly in your hands!Hero Training Powers You Up to Defend the Kingdom- Role play as diverse hero types, including dozens of unlockable heroes with hundreds of distinctive skills.- Heroes can be combined in different ways and take the opposition by storm.- Upgrade your defender with equipment enhancing, rune inlaying, and unique upgrades and abilities for every kind of weapon.- RPGs and RTS combine to bring you the ultimate Equipment System.PvP Games in the Ladder Tourney- Charge to war in a global, cross-server PvP Arena with a turn-based ban/pick phase to level the playing field.- Defend your victory by strategically banning your opponents heroes depending on your own battle plan.- PvP combat offers awesome rewards for every season!War Strategy and RTS Gameplay- RTS combat challenges you to build your tower, upgrade your tech, and dispatch your armies to plunder resources from enemies.- Defend the kingdom together! Create alliances with millions of players from around the world to thrive in this war-torn landscape.- RTS battles let you conquer enemies to become the dominant alliance!Hero Tower Defense Combines Your Favorite Strategy Genres- An all-new Hero Tower Defense concept cleverly combines the heroes of the game with dozens of exquisitely designed Tower Defense stages.- Drop tower emplacements and activate Hero abilities in real time during exciting battles that you wont want to put down!- Defend your based on one-of-a-kind map creations.Constant Updates Offer- New heroes- In-game events- Weekly updates based on your feedback and suggestions!- Hard-working developers are constantly updating and improving the gaming experience with new gameplay!Are you the defender this kingdom needs? Download Magic Rush: Heroes and join the RTS war today!PLEASE NOTE! Magic Rush is free to download and play, however some game items can also be purchased for real money. If you do not want to use this feature, please set up password protection for purchases in the settings of your Google Play Store app. Also, under our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, you must be at least 13 years of age to play or download Magic Rush.Have any questions or issues with the free tower defense RPG adventure game from Elex Tech? Reach us at: magicrush.help@gmail.comFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/MagicRushOnlineTwitter: @MagicRushHeroesOfficial Forum: http://f.elex.com/forums/35-Magic-Rush-Heroes Summon Powerful Attacks With Skill-Aiming- Manually choose targets or directions when casting skills. You call the shots!- Summon attacks to stun, silence, knock airborne, heal and even interrupt enemy skills using precise controls- Strategy and speed combine. Master them both, and victory is truly in your hands!Hero Training Powers You Up to Defend the Kingdom- Role play as diverse hero types, including dozens of unlockable heroes with hundreds of distinctive skills.- Heroes can be combined in different ways and take the opposition by storm.- Upgrade your defender with equipment enhancing, rune inlaying, and unique upgrades and abilities for every kind of weapon.- RPGs and RTS combine to bring you the ultimate Equipment System.PvP Games in the Ladder Tourney- Charge to war in a global, cross-server PvP Arena with a turn-based ban/pick phase to level the playing field.- Defend your victory by strategically banning your opponents heroes depending on your own battle plan.- PvP combat offers awesome rewards for every season!War Strategy and RTS Gameplay- RTS combat challenges you to build your tower, upgrade your tech, and dispatch your armies to plunder resources from enemies.- Defend the kingdom together! Create alliances with millions of players from around the world to thrive in this war-torn landscape.- RTS battles let you conquer enemies to become the dominant alliance!Hero Tower Defense Combines Your Favorite Strategy Genres- An all-new Hero Tower Defense concept cleverly combines the heroes of the game with dozens of exquisitely designed Tower Defense stages.- Drop tower emplacements and activate Hero abilities in real time during exciting battles that you wont want to put down!- Defend your based on one-of-a-kind map creations.Constant Updates Offer- New heroes- In-game events- Weekly updates based on your feedback and suggestions!- Hard-working developers are constantly updating and improving the gaming experience with new gameplay!Are you the defender this kingdom needs? Download Magic Rush: Heroes and join the RTS war today!PLEASE NOTE! Magic Rush is free to download and play, however some game items can also be purchased for real money. If you do not want to use this feature, please set up password protection for purchases in the settings of your Google Play Store app. Also, under our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, you must be at least 13 years of age to play or download Magic Rush.Have any questions or issues with the free tower defense RPG adventure game from Elex Tech? Reach us at: magicrush.help@gmail.comFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/MagicRushOnlineTwitter: @MagicRushHeroesOfficial Forum: http://f.elex.com/forums/35-Magic-Rush-Heroes Hero Training Powers You Up to Defend the Kingdom- Role play as diverse hero types, including dozens of unlockable heroes with hundreds of distinctive skills.- Heroes can be combined in different ways and take the opposition by storm.- Upgrade your defender with equipment enhancing, rune inlaying, and unique upgrades and abilities for every kind of weapon.- RPGs and RTS combine to bring you the ultimate Equipment System.PvP Games in the Ladder Tourney- Charge to war in a global, cross-server PvP Arena with a turn-based ban/pick phase to level the playing field.- Defend your victory by strategically banning your opponents heroes depending on your own battle plan.- PvP combat offers awesome rewards for every season!War Strategy and RTS Gameplay- RTS combat challenges you to build your tower, upgrade your tech, and dispatch your armies to plunder resources from enemies.- Defend the kingdom together! Create alliances with millions of players from around the world to thrive in this war-torn landscape.- RTS battles let you conquer enemies to become the dominant alliance!Hero Tower Defense Combines Your Favorite Strategy Genres- An all-new Hero Tower Defense concept cleverly combines the heroes of the game with dozens of exquisitely designed Tower Defense stages.- Drop tower emplacements and activate Hero abilities in real time during exciting battles that you wont want to put down!- Defend your based on one-of-a-kind map creations.Constant Updates Offer- New heroes- In-game events- Weekly updates based on your feedback and suggestions!- Hard-working developers are constantly updating and improving the gaming experience with new gameplay!Are you the defender this kingdom needs? Download Magic Rush: Heroes and join the RTS war today!PLEASE NOTE! Magic Rush is free to download and play, however some game items can also be purchased for real money. If you do not want to use this feature, please set up password protection for purchases in the settings of your Google Play Store app. Also, under our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, you must be at least 13 years of age to play or download Magic Rush.Have any questions or issues with the free tower defense RPG adventure game from Elex Tech? Reach us at: magicrush.help@gmail.comFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/MagicRushOnlineTwitter: @MagicRushHeroesOfficial Forum: http://f.elex.com/forums/35-Magic-Rush-Heroes PvP Games in the Ladder Tourney- Charge to war in a global, cross-server PvP Arena with a turn-based ban/pick phase to level the playing field.- Defend your victory by strategically banning your opponents heroes depending on your own battle plan.- PvP combat offers awesome rewards for every season!War Strategy and RTS Gameplay- RTS combat challenges you to build your tower, upgrade your tech, and dispatch your armies to plunder resources from enemies.- Defend the kingdom together! Create alliances with millions of players from around the world to thrive in this war-torn landscape.- RTS battles let you conquer enemies to become the dominant alliance!Hero Tower Defense Combines Your Favorite Strategy Genres- An all-new Hero Tower Defense concept cleverly combines the heroes of the game with dozens of exquisitely designed Tower Defense stages.- Drop tower emplacements and activate Hero abilities in real time during exciting battles that you wont want to put down!- Defend your based on one-of-a-kind map creations.Constant Updates Offer- New heroes- In-game events- Weekly updates based on your feedback and suggestions!- Hard-working developers are constantly updating and improving the gaming experience with new gameplay!Are you the defender this kingdom needs? Download Magic Rush: Heroes and join the RTS war today!PLEASE NOTE! Magic Rush is free to download and play, however some game items can also be purchased for real money. If you do not want to use this feature, please set up password protection for purchases in the settings of your Google Play Store app. Also, under our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, you must be at least 13 years of age to play or download Magic Rush.Have any questions or issues with the free tower defense RPG adventure game from Elex Tech? Reach us at: magicrush.help@gmail.comFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/MagicRushOnlineTwitter: @MagicRushHeroesOfficial Forum: http://f.elex.com/forums/35-Magic-Rush-Heroes War Strategy and RTS Gameplay- RTS combat challenges you to build your tower, upgrade your tech, and dispatch your armies to plunder resources from enemies.- Defend the kingdom together! Create alliances with millions of players from around the world to thrive in this war-torn landscape.- RTS battles let you conquer enemies to become the dominant alliance!Hero Tower Defense Combines Your Favorite Strategy Genres- An all-new Hero Tower Defense concept cleverly combines the heroes of the game with dozens of exquisitely designed Tower Defense stages.- Drop tower emplacements and activate Hero abilities in real time during exciting battles that you wont want to put down!- Defend your based on one-of-a-kind map creations.Constant Updates Offer- New heroes- In-game events- Weekly updates based on your feedback and suggestions!- Hard-working developers are constantly updating and improving the gaming experience with new gameplay!Are you the defender this kingdom needs? Download Magic Rush: Heroes and join the RTS war today!PLEASE NOTE! Magic Rush is free to download and play, however some game items can also be purchased for real money. If you do not want to use this feature, please set up password protection for purchases in the settings of your Google Play Store app. Also, under our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, you must be at least 13 years of age to play or download Magic Rush.Have any questions or issues with the free tower defense RPG adventure game from Elex Tech? Reach us at: magicrush.help@gmail.comFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/MagicRushOnlineTwitter: @MagicRushHeroesOfficial Forum: http://f.elex.com/forums/35-Magic-Rush-Heroes Hero Tower Defense Combines Your Favorite Strategy Genres- An all-new Hero Tower Defense concept cleverly combines the heroes of the game with dozens of exquisitely designed Tower Defense stages.- Drop tower emplacements and activate Hero abilities in real time during exciting battles that you wont want to put down!- Defend your based on one-of-a-kind map creations.Constant Updates Offer- New heroes- In-game events- Weekly updates based on your feedback and suggestions!- Hard-working developers are constantly updating and improving the gaming experience with new gameplay!Are you the defender this kingdom needs? Download Magic Rush: Heroes and join the RTS war today!PLEASE NOTE! Magic Rush is free to download and play, however some game items can also be purchased for real money. If you do not want to use this feature, please set up password protection for purchases in the settings of your Google Play Store app. Also, under our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, you must be at least 13 years of age to play or download Magic Rush.Have any questions or issues with the free tower defense RPG adventure game from Elex Tech? Reach us at: magicrush.help@gmail.comFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/MagicRushOnlineTwitter: @MagicRushHeroesOfficial Forum: http://f.elex.com/forums/35-Magic-Rush-Heroes Constant Updates Offer- New heroes- In-game events- Weekly updates based on your feedback and suggestions!- Hard-working developers are constantly updating and improving the gaming experience with new gameplay!Are you the defender this kingdom needs? Download Magic Rush: Heroes and join the RTS war today!PLEASE NOTE! Magic Rush is free to download and play, however some game items can also be purchased for real money. If you do not want to use this feature, please set up password protection for purchases in the settings of your Google Play Store app. Also, under our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, you must be at least 13 years of age to play or download Magic Rush.Have any questions or issues with the free tower defense RPG adventure game from Elex Tech? Reach us at: magicrush.help@gmail.comFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/MagicRushOnlineTwitter: @MagicRushHeroesOfficial Forum: http://f.elex.com/forums/35-Magic-Rush-Heroes Are you the defender this kingdom needs? Download Magic Rush: Heroes and join the RTS war today!PLEASE NOTE! Magic Rush is free to download and play, however some game items can also be purchased for real money. If you do not want to use this feature, please set up password protection for purchases in the settings of your Google Play Store app. Also, under our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, you must be at least 13 years of age to play or download Magic Rush.Have any questions or issues with the free tower defense RPG adventure game from Elex Tech? Reach us at: magicrush.help@gmail.comFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/MagicRushOnlineTwitter: @MagicRushHeroesOfficial Forum: http://f.elex.com/forums/35-Magic-Rush-Heroes PLEASE NOTE! Magic Rush is free to download and play, however some game items can also be purchased for real money. If you do not want to use this feature, please set up password protection for purchases in the settings of your Google Play Store app. Also, under our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, you must be at least 13 years of age to play or download Magic Rush.Have any questions or issues with the free tower defense RPG adventure game from Elex Tech? Reach us at: magicrush.help@gmail.comFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/MagicRushOnlineTwitter: @MagicRushHeroesOfficial Forum: http://f.elex.com/forums/35-Magic-Rush-Heroes Have any questions or issues with the free tower defense RPG adventure game from Elex Tech? Reach us at: magicrush.help@gmail.comFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/MagicRushOnlineTwitter: @MagicRushHeroesOfficial Forum: http://f.elex.com/forums/35-Magic-Rush-Heroes
Max Payne, the award-winning title is now available for Android mobile devices.A fugitive undercover cop framed for murder, hunted by cops and the mob, Max is a man with his back against the wall, fighting a battle he cannot hope to win. Max Payne is a relentless story-driven game about a man on the edge, fighting to clear his name while struggling to uncover the truth about his slain family amongst a myriad of plot-twists. The groundbreaking original cinematic action-shooter, Max Payne introduced the concept of Bullet Time in videogames. Through its stylish slow-motion gunplay combined with a dark and twisted story, Max Payne redefined the action-shooter genre.Max Payne Mobile for Android has been fully optimized for the NVIDIA Tegra 3 quad-core mobile processor with additional antistrophic texture filtering and enhanced lighting effects providing one of the most visually immersive Max Payne Mobile experiences available. Features: Max Payne's signature slow motion gunplay, Bullet Time  Stunningly sharp, HD quality resolution and textures Gameplay tailored for touch screen devices Highly customizable controls  Multiple aiming modes Compatible with the GameStop Wireless Game Controller and select USB gamepads Integrated with Immersion Haptic Vibration Feedback Tailor your visual experience with adjustable graphic settings  Unlock cheats, track your stats and more with full Rockstar Games Social Club integration Max Payne Mobile is now available on:Android Phones: Motorola Razr,  Razr Maxx, Motorola Atrix, Motorola Photon, Motorola Droid Bionic, HTC Rezound, HTC One X,  HTC One S,  HTC Evo 3D, HTC Sensation, HTC Droid Incredible 2,  Samsung Galaxy Nexus, Samsung Nexus S, Samsung Galaxy Note, Samsung S2, Samsung Galaxy R, Sony Xperia Play, Sony Xperia S, Sony Walkman Z Series Media PlayerAndroid Tablets: Acer Iconia, Asus Eee Pad Transformer, Asus Eee Pad Transformer Prime, LG Optimus Pad, Medion Lifetab, Motorola Xoom, Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9 / 10.1, Sony Tablet S, Sony Tablet P, Toshiba Thrive, HTC Flyer, HTC JetstreamFor those using the "Skip to Level" cheat, we recommend that you have weapons in your inventory; as you will start a new level with your current weapon set.  Languages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russian and Japanese.Please ensure you have at least 1.33 GB of free space before installing Max Payne Mobile.Find out more about Max Payne 3: http://www.rockstargames.com/maxpayne3Mobile Version developed by War Drum Studioswww.wardrumstudios.com  Find out more:www.rockstargames.com See videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargames Follow us: www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames A fugitive undercover cop framed for murder, hunted by cops and the mob, Max is a man with his back against the wall, fighting a battle he cannot hope to win. Max Payne is a relentless story-driven game about a man on the edge, fighting to clear his name while struggling to uncover the truth about his slain family amongst a myriad of plot-twists. The groundbreaking original cinematic action-shooter, Max Payne introduced the concept of Bullet Time in videogames. Through its stylish slow-motion gunplay combined with a dark and twisted story, Max Payne redefined the action-shooter genre.Max Payne Mobile for Android has been fully optimized for the NVIDIA Tegra 3 quad-core mobile processor with additional antistrophic texture filtering and enhanced lighting effects providing one of the most visually immersive Max Payne Mobile experiences available. Features: Max Payne's signature slow motion gunplay, Bullet Time  Stunningly sharp, HD quality resolution and textures Gameplay tailored for touch screen devices Highly customizable controls  Multiple aiming modes Compatible with the GameStop Wireless Game Controller and select USB gamepads Integrated with Immersion Haptic Vibration Feedback Tailor your visual experience with adjustable graphic settings  Unlock cheats, track your stats and more with full Rockstar Games Social Club integration Max Payne Mobile is now available on:Android Phones: Motorola Razr,  Razr Maxx, Motorola Atrix, Motorola Photon, Motorola Droid Bionic, HTC Rezound, HTC One X,  HTC One S,  HTC Evo 3D, HTC Sensation, HTC Droid Incredible 2,  Samsung Galaxy Nexus, Samsung Nexus S, Samsung Galaxy Note, Samsung S2, Samsung Galaxy R, Sony Xperia Play, Sony Xperia S, Sony Walkman Z Series Media PlayerAndroid Tablets: Acer Iconia, Asus Eee Pad Transformer, Asus Eee Pad Transformer Prime, LG Optimus Pad, Medion Lifetab, Motorola Xoom, Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9 / 10.1, Sony Tablet S, Sony Tablet P, Toshiba Thrive, HTC Flyer, HTC JetstreamFor those using the "Skip to Level" cheat, we recommend that you have weapons in your inventory; as you will start a new level with your current weapon set.  Languages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russian and Japanese.Please ensure you have at least 1.33 GB of free space before installing Max Payne Mobile.Find out more about Max Payne 3: http://www.rockstargames.com/maxpayne3Mobile Version developed by War Drum Studioswww.wardrumstudios.com  Find out more:www.rockstargames.com See videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargames Follow us: www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames The groundbreaking original cinematic action-shooter, Max Payne introduced the concept of Bullet Time in videogames. Through its stylish slow-motion gunplay combined with a dark and twisted story, Max Payne redefined the action-shooter genre.Max Payne Mobile for Android has been fully optimized for the NVIDIA Tegra 3 quad-core mobile processor with additional antistrophic texture filtering and enhanced lighting effects providing one of the most visually immersive Max Payne Mobile experiences available. Features: Max Payne's signature slow motion gunplay, Bullet Time  Stunningly sharp, HD quality resolution and textures Gameplay tailored for touch screen devices Highly customizable controls  Multiple aiming modes Compatible with the GameStop Wireless Game Controller and select USB gamepads Integrated with Immersion Haptic Vibration Feedback Tailor your visual experience with adjustable graphic settings  Unlock cheats, track your stats and more with full Rockstar Games Social Club integration Max Payne Mobile is now available on:Android Phones: Motorola Razr,  Razr Maxx, Motorola Atrix, Motorola Photon, Motorola Droid Bionic, HTC Rezound, HTC One X,  HTC One S,  HTC Evo 3D, HTC Sensation, HTC Droid Incredible 2,  Samsung Galaxy Nexus, Samsung Nexus S, Samsung Galaxy Note, Samsung S2, Samsung Galaxy R, Sony Xperia Play, Sony Xperia S, Sony Walkman Z Series Media PlayerAndroid Tablets: Acer Iconia, Asus Eee Pad Transformer, Asus Eee Pad Transformer Prime, LG Optimus Pad, Medion Lifetab, Motorola Xoom, Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9 / 10.1, Sony Tablet S, Sony Tablet P, Toshiba Thrive, HTC Flyer, HTC JetstreamFor those using the "Skip to Level" cheat, we recommend that you have weapons in your inventory; as you will start a new level with your current weapon set.  Languages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russian and Japanese.Please ensure you have at least 1.33 GB of free space before installing Max Payne Mobile.Find out more about Max Payne 3: http://www.rockstargames.com/maxpayne3Mobile Version developed by War Drum Studioswww.wardrumstudios.com  Find out more:www.rockstargames.com See videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargames Follow us: www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames Max Payne Mobile for Android has been fully optimized for the NVIDIA Tegra 3 quad-core mobile processor with additional antistrophic texture filtering and enhanced lighting effects providing one of the most visually immersive Max Payne Mobile experiences available. Features: Max Payne's signature slow motion gunplay, Bullet Time  Stunningly sharp, HD quality resolution and textures Gameplay tailored for touch screen devices Highly customizable controls  Multiple aiming modes Compatible with the GameStop Wireless Game Controller and select USB gamepads Integrated with Immersion Haptic Vibration Feedback Tailor your visual experience with adjustable graphic settings  Unlock cheats, track your stats and more with full Rockstar Games Social Club integration Max Payne Mobile is now available on:Android Phones: Motorola Razr,  Razr Maxx, Motorola Atrix, Motorola Photon, Motorola Droid Bionic, HTC Rezound, HTC One X,  HTC One S,  HTC Evo 3D, HTC Sensation, HTC Droid Incredible 2,  Samsung Galaxy Nexus, Samsung Nexus S, Samsung Galaxy Note, Samsung S2, Samsung Galaxy R, Sony Xperia Play, Sony Xperia S, Sony Walkman Z Series Media PlayerAndroid Tablets: Acer Iconia, Asus Eee Pad Transformer, Asus Eee Pad Transformer Prime, LG Optimus Pad, Medion Lifetab, Motorola Xoom, Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9 / 10.1, Sony Tablet S, Sony Tablet P, Toshiba Thrive, HTC Flyer, HTC JetstreamFor those using the "Skip to Level" cheat, we recommend that you have weapons in your inventory; as you will start a new level with your current weapon set.  Languages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russian and Japanese.Please ensure you have at least 1.33 GB of free space before installing Max Payne Mobile.Find out more about Max Payne 3: http://www.rockstargames.com/maxpayne3Mobile Version developed by War Drum Studioswww.wardrumstudios.com  Find out more:www.rockstargames.com See videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargames Follow us: www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames Features: Max Payne's signature slow motion gunplay, Bullet Time  Stunningly sharp, HD quality resolution and textures Gameplay tailored for touch screen devices Highly customizable controls  Multiple aiming modes Compatible with the GameStop Wireless Game Controller and select USB gamepads Integrated with Immersion Haptic Vibration Feedback Tailor your visual experience with adjustable graphic settings  Unlock cheats, track your stats and more with full Rockstar Games Social Club integration Max Payne Mobile is now available on:Android Phones: Motorola Razr,  Razr Maxx, Motorola Atrix, Motorola Photon, Motorola Droid Bionic, HTC Rezound, HTC One X,  HTC One S,  HTC Evo 3D, HTC Sensation, HTC Droid Incredible 2,  Samsung Galaxy Nexus, Samsung Nexus S, Samsung Galaxy Note, Samsung S2, Samsung Galaxy R, Sony Xperia Play, Sony Xperia S, Sony Walkman Z Series Media PlayerAndroid Tablets: Acer Iconia, Asus Eee Pad Transformer, Asus Eee Pad Transformer Prime, LG Optimus Pad, Medion Lifetab, Motorola Xoom, Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9 / 10.1, Sony Tablet S, Sony Tablet P, Toshiba Thrive, HTC Flyer, HTC JetstreamFor those using the "Skip to Level" cheat, we recommend that you have weapons in your inventory; as you will start a new level with your current weapon set.  Languages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russian and Japanese.Please ensure you have at least 1.33 GB of free space before installing Max Payne Mobile.Find out more about Max Payne 3: http://www.rockstargames.com/maxpayne3Mobile Version developed by War Drum Studioswww.wardrumstudios.com  Find out more:www.rockstargames.com See videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargames Follow us: www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames Max Payne Mobile is now available on:Android Phones: Motorola Razr,  Razr Maxx, Motorola Atrix, Motorola Photon, Motorola Droid Bionic, HTC Rezound, HTC One X,  HTC One S,  HTC Evo 3D, HTC Sensation, HTC Droid Incredible 2,  Samsung Galaxy Nexus, Samsung Nexus S, Samsung Galaxy Note, Samsung S2, Samsung Galaxy R, Sony Xperia Play, Sony Xperia S, Sony Walkman Z Series Media PlayerAndroid Tablets: Acer Iconia, Asus Eee Pad Transformer, Asus Eee Pad Transformer Prime, LG Optimus Pad, Medion Lifetab, Motorola Xoom, Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9 / 10.1, Sony Tablet S, Sony Tablet P, Toshiba Thrive, HTC Flyer, HTC JetstreamFor those using the "Skip to Level" cheat, we recommend that you have weapons in your inventory; as you will start a new level with your current weapon set.  Languages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russian and Japanese.Please ensure you have at least 1.33 GB of free space before installing Max Payne Mobile.Find out more about Max Payne 3: http://www.rockstargames.com/maxpayne3Mobile Version developed by War Drum Studioswww.wardrumstudios.com  Find out more:www.rockstargames.com See videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargames Follow us: www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames Android Tablets: Acer Iconia, Asus Eee Pad Transformer, Asus Eee Pad Transformer Prime, LG Optimus Pad, Medion Lifetab, Motorola Xoom, Samsung Galaxy Tab 8.9 / 10.1, Sony Tablet S, Sony Tablet P, Toshiba Thrive, HTC Flyer, HTC JetstreamFor those using the "Skip to Level" cheat, we recommend that you have weapons in your inventory; as you will start a new level with your current weapon set.  Languages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russian and Japanese.Please ensure you have at least 1.33 GB of free space before installing Max Payne Mobile.Find out more about Max Payne 3: http://www.rockstargames.com/maxpayne3Mobile Version developed by War Drum Studioswww.wardrumstudios.com  Find out more:www.rockstargames.com See videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargames Follow us: www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames For those using the "Skip to Level" cheat, we recommend that you have weapons in your inventory; as you will start a new level with your current weapon set.  Languages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russian and Japanese.Please ensure you have at least 1.33 GB of free space before installing Max Payne Mobile.Find out more about Max Payne 3: http://www.rockstargames.com/maxpayne3Mobile Version developed by War Drum Studioswww.wardrumstudios.com  Find out more:www.rockstargames.com See videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargames Follow us: www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames Languages Supported: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russian and Japanese.Please ensure you have at least 1.33 GB of free space before installing Max Payne Mobile.Find out more about Max Payne 3: http://www.rockstargames.com/maxpayne3Mobile Version developed by War Drum Studioswww.wardrumstudios.com  Find out more:www.rockstargames.com See videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargames Follow us: www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames Please ensure you have at least 1.33 GB of free space before installing Max Payne Mobile.Find out more about Max Payne 3: http://www.rockstargames.com/maxpayne3Mobile Version developed by War Drum Studioswww.wardrumstudios.com  Find out more:www.rockstargames.com See videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargames Follow us: www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames Find out more about Max Payne 3: http://www.rockstargames.com/maxpayne3Mobile Version developed by War Drum Studioswww.wardrumstudios.com  Find out more:www.rockstargames.com See videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargames Follow us: www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames Mobile Version developed by War Drum Studioswww.wardrumstudios.com  Find out more:www.rockstargames.com See videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargames Follow us: www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames Find out more:www.rockstargames.com See videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargames Follow us: www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames See videos:www.youtube.com/rockstargames Follow us: www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames Follow us: www.facebook.com/rockstargameswww.twitter.com/rockstargames
The #1 city-builder game in more than 20 countries with over 10M downloads! One million people play every day!  Tablets are supported. Enjoy the incredible game experience on a larger screen!Manage finances and design and develop the primary infrastructure of your own city:* airports* railway stations* seaports* oil and gas mining* wind, solar and atomic power plantsRegular content updates and city events will add excitement to the life of your Megapolis. Trade materials and build alliances with your neighbors. Challenge your friends to see who can create the most alluring and successful city.FEATURES:* Awesomely realistic 3D graphics* World-famous architecture from ancient to modern times* More than 700 buildings and sites with hundreds of construction materials* Cooperate with your neighbors* Expand your city over land and sea* Challenging tasks, rewards and achievements Manage finances and design and develop the primary infrastructure of your own city:* airports* railway stations* seaports* oil and gas mining* wind, solar and atomic power plantsRegular content updates and city events will add excitement to the life of your Megapolis. Trade materials and build alliances with your neighbors. Challenge your friends to see who can create the most alluring and successful city.FEATURES:* Awesomely realistic 3D graphics* World-famous architecture from ancient to modern times* More than 700 buildings and sites with hundreds of construction materials* Cooperate with your neighbors* Expand your city over land and sea* Challenging tasks, rewards and achievements Regular content updates and city events will add excitement to the life of your Megapolis. Trade materials and build alliances with your neighbors. Challenge your friends to see who can create the most alluring and successful city.FEATURES:* Awesomely realistic 3D graphics* World-famous architecture from ancient to modern times* More than 700 buildings and sites with hundreds of construction materials* Cooperate with your neighbors* Expand your city over land and sea* Challenging tasks, rewards and achievements FEATURES:* Awesomely realistic 3D graphics* World-famous architecture from ancient to modern times* More than 700 buildings and sites with hundreds of construction materials* Cooperate with your neighbors* Expand your city over land and sea* Challenging tasks, rewards and achievements
Build a global military empire and destroy your enemies in Modern War by GREE! World Domination is now within your grasp! Join a faction and join the fight in Modern War, the popular combat game where you face off against enemies for control of country after country, until you rule em all.Taking over the world isnt for the weak. Build strength in numbers by teaming up with other players and pooling rewards from individual missions. Then, declare war against rival factions during monthly three-day World Domination events for the chance to put your name on the mapliterally. Because in Modern War, its not enough to want power, you have to take it.Features: Free-to-play MMORPG military combat game Form a faction with friends and other players Fight in monthly LIVE World Domination events Attack rivals for control of countries and territories Run a command center and build fortifications Get elected as a faction Defense Leader See your winning factions name on a world mapVisit our Forums: funzio.com/forumFollow us on Twitter: @ModernWarLike us on Facebook: facebook.com/GREEModernWarWatch us on YouTube: youtube.com/GREEgamesNOTES: This is an ONLINE ONLY game. You must be connected to the Internet to play. Modern War - World Domination is suitable for fans of strategy, rpg and mmo games. World Domination is now within your grasp! Join a faction and join the fight in Modern War, the popular combat game where you face off against enemies for control of country after country, until you rule em all.Taking over the world isnt for the weak. Build strength in numbers by teaming up with other players and pooling rewards from individual missions. Then, declare war against rival factions during monthly three-day World Domination events for the chance to put your name on the mapliterally. Because in Modern War, its not enough to want power, you have to take it.Features: Free-to-play MMORPG military combat game Form a faction with friends and other players Fight in monthly LIVE World Domination events Attack rivals for control of countries and territories Run a command center and build fortifications Get elected as a faction Defense Leader See your winning factions name on a world mapVisit our Forums: funzio.com/forumFollow us on Twitter: @ModernWarLike us on Facebook: facebook.com/GREEModernWarWatch us on YouTube: youtube.com/GREEgamesNOTES: This is an ONLINE ONLY game. You must be connected to the Internet to play. Modern War - World Domination is suitable for fans of strategy, rpg and mmo games. Taking over the world isnt for the weak. Build strength in numbers by teaming up with other players and pooling rewards from individual missions. Then, declare war against rival factions during monthly three-day World Domination events for the chance to put your name on the mapliterally. Because in Modern War, its not enough to want power, you have to take it.Features: Free-to-play MMORPG military combat game Form a faction with friends and other players Fight in monthly LIVE World Domination events Attack rivals for control of countries and territories Run a command center and build fortifications Get elected as a faction Defense Leader See your winning factions name on a world mapVisit our Forums: funzio.com/forumFollow us on Twitter: @ModernWarLike us on Facebook: facebook.com/GREEModernWarWatch us on YouTube: youtube.com/GREEgamesNOTES: This is an ONLINE ONLY game. You must be connected to the Internet to play. Modern War - World Domination is suitable for fans of strategy, rpg and mmo games. Features: Free-to-play MMORPG military combat game Form a faction with friends and other players Fight in monthly LIVE World Domination events Attack rivals for control of countries and territories Run a command center and build fortifications Get elected as a faction Defense Leader See your winning factions name on a world mapVisit our Forums: funzio.com/forumFollow us on Twitter: @ModernWarLike us on Facebook: facebook.com/GREEModernWarWatch us on YouTube: youtube.com/GREEgamesNOTES: This is an ONLINE ONLY game. You must be connected to the Internet to play. Modern War - World Domination is suitable for fans of strategy, rpg and mmo games. Visit our Forums: funzio.com/forumFollow us on Twitter: @ModernWarLike us on Facebook: facebook.com/GREEModernWarWatch us on YouTube: youtube.com/GREEgamesNOTES: This is an ONLINE ONLY game. You must be connected to the Internet to play. Modern War - World Domination is suitable for fans of strategy, rpg and mmo games. NOTES: This is an ONLINE ONLY game. You must be connected to the Internet to play. Modern War - World Domination is suitable for fans of strategy, rpg and mmo games.
Artwork is great, and the plot -which is slowly unveiled- gets more complex at every step...androidzoom.comA mysterious Event took place in the Manor and completely ruined the ordinary life of its inhabitants. Their deeply loved master Mister X has suddenly disappeared leaving nothing but a strange message. Only you can break the secret of the Mystery Manor. Dive into the mystery and challenge yourself with hidden objects action!Mystery Manor is a mystery-style hidden objects game. In a mystic mansion, inhabited by strange but lovely people, spooky monsters and scary ghosts youll have to solve logic puzzles, find hidden objects and unlock new rooms and complete quests. Mystery Manor is a never-ending game. New quests, rooms, characters are being added on a regular basis. Unlike all other Hidden Objects genre games, you will never finish the game.Join our community!Official Page on facebook: https://www.facebook.com/MysteryManorGameGameplay video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1OhpWMhXvUSome great features: Explore through the atmosphere of mystery Captivating detective story line Beautiful hand-drawn graphics A wide variety of objects to search and puzzles to solve Search for the objects in different modes: words, silhouettes, phenomena, and Zodiac modes. Regular updates with new characters, rooms, and quests  Never-ending mystic gameplay  Help your friends and ask for their help in return Find yourself in the world of pure madness!  This game works in offline mode without Internet  play it on the plane, in subway or on the road. Enjoy!Discover new titles from Game Insight:http://www.game-insight.comJoin our community on Facebook: http://www.fb.com/gameinsightSubscribe to our YouTube channel:http://goo.gl/qRFX2hRead the latest news on Twitter:http://twitter.com/GI_MobileFollow us on Instagram:http://instagram.com/gameinsight/Official Page on Facebook:: https://www.facebook.com/MysteryManorGamePrivacy Policy:  http://www.game-insight.com/en/site/privacypolicy A mysterious Event took place in the Manor and completely ruined the ordinary life of its inhabitants. Their deeply loved master Mister X has suddenly disappeared leaving nothing but a strange message. Only you can break the secret of the Mystery Manor. Dive into the mystery and challenge yourself with hidden objects action!Mystery Manor is a mystery-style hidden objects game. In a mystic mansion, inhabited by strange but lovely people, spooky monsters and scary ghosts youll have to solve logic puzzles, find hidden objects and unlock new rooms and complete quests. Mystery Manor is a never-ending game. New quests, rooms, characters are being added on a regular basis. Unlike all other Hidden Objects genre games, you will never finish the game.Join our community!Official Page on facebook: https://www.facebook.com/MysteryManorGameGameplay video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1OhpWMhXvUSome great features: Explore through the atmosphere of mystery Captivating detective story line Beautiful hand-drawn graphics A wide variety of objects to search and puzzles to solve Search for the objects in different modes: words, silhouettes, phenomena, and Zodiac modes. Regular updates with new characters, rooms, and quests  Never-ending mystic gameplay  Help your friends and ask for their help in return Find yourself in the world of pure madness!  This game works in offline mode without Internet  play it on the plane, in subway or on the road. Enjoy!Discover new titles from Game Insight:http://www.game-insight.comJoin our community on Facebook: http://www.fb.com/gameinsightSubscribe to our YouTube channel:http://goo.gl/qRFX2hRead the latest news on Twitter:http://twitter.com/GI_MobileFollow us on Instagram:http://instagram.com/gameinsight/Official Page on Facebook:: https://www.facebook.com/MysteryManorGamePrivacy Policy:  http://www.game-insight.com/en/site/privacypolicy Mystery Manor is a mystery-style hidden objects game. In a mystic mansion, inhabited by strange but lovely people, spooky monsters and scary ghosts youll have to solve logic puzzles, find hidden objects and unlock new rooms and complete quests. Mystery Manor is a never-ending game. New quests, rooms, characters are being added on a regular basis. Unlike all other Hidden Objects genre games, you will never finish the game.Join our community!Official Page on facebook: https://www.facebook.com/MysteryManorGameGameplay video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1OhpWMhXvUSome great features: Explore through the atmosphere of mystery Captivating detective story line Beautiful hand-drawn graphics A wide variety of objects to search and puzzles to solve Search for the objects in different modes: words, silhouettes, phenomena, and Zodiac modes. Regular updates with new characters, rooms, and quests  Never-ending mystic gameplay  Help your friends and ask for their help in return Find yourself in the world of pure madness!  This game works in offline mode without Internet  play it on the plane, in subway or on the road. Enjoy!Discover new titles from Game Insight:http://www.game-insight.comJoin our community on Facebook: http://www.fb.com/gameinsightSubscribe to our YouTube channel:http://goo.gl/qRFX2hRead the latest news on Twitter:http://twitter.com/GI_MobileFollow us on Instagram:http://instagram.com/gameinsight/Official Page on Facebook:: https://www.facebook.com/MysteryManorGamePrivacy Policy:  http://www.game-insight.com/en/site/privacypolicy Join our community!Official Page on facebook: https://www.facebook.com/MysteryManorGameGameplay video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i1OhpWMhXvUSome great features: Explore through the atmosphere of mystery Captivating detective story line Beautiful hand-drawn graphics A wide variety of objects to search and puzzles to solve Search for the objects in different modes: words, silhouettes, phenomena, and Zodiac modes. Regular updates with new characters, rooms, and quests  Never-ending mystic gameplay  Help your friends and ask for their help in return Find yourself in the world of pure madness!  This game works in offline mode without Internet  play it on the plane, in subway or on the road. Enjoy!Discover new titles from Game Insight:http://www.game-insight.comJoin our community on Facebook: http://www.fb.com/gameinsightSubscribe to our YouTube channel:http://goo.gl/qRFX2hRead the latest news on Twitter:http://twitter.com/GI_MobileFollow us on Instagram:http://instagram.com/gameinsight/Official Page on Facebook:: https://www.facebook.com/MysteryManorGamePrivacy Policy:  http://www.game-insight.com/en/site/privacypolicy Some great features: Explore through the atmosphere of mystery Captivating detective story line Beautiful hand-drawn graphics A wide variety of objects to search and puzzles to solve Search for the objects in different modes: words, silhouettes, phenomena, and Zodiac modes. Regular updates with new characters, rooms, and quests  Never-ending mystic gameplay  Help your friends and ask for their help in return Find yourself in the world of pure madness!  This game works in offline mode without Internet  play it on the plane, in subway or on the road. Enjoy!Discover new titles from Game Insight:http://www.game-insight.comJoin our community on Facebook: http://www.fb.com/gameinsightSubscribe to our YouTube channel:http://goo.gl/qRFX2hRead the latest news on Twitter:http://twitter.com/GI_MobileFollow us on Instagram:http://instagram.com/gameinsight/Official Page on Facebook:: https://www.facebook.com/MysteryManorGamePrivacy Policy:  http://www.game-insight.com/en/site/privacypolicy  This game works in offline mode without Internet  play it on the plane, in subway or on the road. Enjoy!Discover new titles from Game Insight:http://www.game-insight.comJoin our community on Facebook: http://www.fb.com/gameinsightSubscribe to our YouTube channel:http://goo.gl/qRFX2hRead the latest news on Twitter:http://twitter.com/GI_MobileFollow us on Instagram:http://instagram.com/gameinsight/Official Page on Facebook:: https://www.facebook.com/MysteryManorGamePrivacy Policy:  http://www.game-insight.com/en/site/privacypolicy Discover new titles from Game Insight:http://www.game-insight.comJoin our community on Facebook: http://www.fb.com/gameinsightSubscribe to our YouTube channel:http://goo.gl/qRFX2hRead the latest news on Twitter:http://twitter.com/GI_MobileFollow us on Instagram:http://instagram.com/gameinsight/Official Page on Facebook:: https://www.facebook.com/MysteryManorGamePrivacy Policy:  http://www.game-insight.com/en/site/privacypolicy Discover new titles from Game Insight:http://www.game-insight.comJoin our community on Facebook: http://www.fb.com/gameinsightSubscribe to our YouTube channel:http://goo.gl/qRFX2hRead the latest news on Twitter:http://twitter.com/GI_MobileFollow us on Instagram:http://instagram.com/gameinsight/Official Page on Facebook:: https://www.facebook.com/MysteryManorGamePrivacy Policy:  http://www.game-insight.com/en/site/privacypolicy
Prove that true love can overcome any obstacle in this mesmerizing adventure! Opera diva Christine has been kidnapped by a stranger in a dark cloak on the eve of her successful debut! Her desperate but nonetheless determined fianc must leave no stone unturned to rescue her. An old props man at the theater has told him about the black magic involved and given him a powerful amulet to help him locate Christine. Remove spells using the amulet and interrogate a dethroned diva, a cunning impresario and a photographer who witnessed the mysterious disappearance. Search the abandoned dungeon beneath the theater and help doomed ghosts find eternal rest so that this loving couple can be reunited! TRY IT FREE, THEN UNLOCK THE FULL ADVENTURE FROM WITHIN THE GAME!  60 magnificent scenes to search  16 brain-teasing mini-games to play  23 challenging achievements to earn  Seven unforgettable characters to meet  Gripping storyline and theatrical aura ____________________________Game available in: English, Chinese, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Brazilian Portuguese, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish____________________________COMPATIBILITY NOTES:***Note*** This game supports high-end smartphones and tablets such as Nexus 7 and Nexus 10.____________________________ ***Sign up now for a weekly round-up of the best from G5 Games! www.g5e.com/e-mail***  ____________________________ G5 Games - World of Adventures!Collect them all! Search for "g5" in Google Play! Adventure:  Games Navigator  By G5 Games  The Secret Society Letters From Nowhere: Mystery Left in the Dark The Ghost Archives Strategy:  Virtual City Playground The Island: Castaway 2 Doomsday Preppers Farm Clan: The Adventure Stand O Food City____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms TRY IT FREE, THEN UNLOCK THE FULL ADVENTURE FROM WITHIN THE GAME!  60 magnificent scenes to search  16 brain-teasing mini-games to play  23 challenging achievements to earn  Seven unforgettable characters to meet  Gripping storyline and theatrical aura ____________________________Game available in: English, Chinese, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Brazilian Portuguese, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish____________________________COMPATIBILITY NOTES:***Note*** This game supports high-end smartphones and tablets such as Nexus 7 and Nexus 10.____________________________ ***Sign up now for a weekly round-up of the best from G5 Games! www.g5e.com/e-mail***  ____________________________ G5 Games - World of Adventures!Collect them all! Search for "g5" in Google Play! Adventure:  Games Navigator  By G5 Games  The Secret Society Letters From Nowhere: Mystery Left in the Dark The Ghost Archives Strategy:  Virtual City Playground The Island: Castaway 2 Doomsday Preppers Farm Clan: The Adventure Stand O Food City____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms  60 magnificent scenes to search  16 brain-teasing mini-games to play  23 challenging achievements to earn  Seven unforgettable characters to meet  Gripping storyline and theatrical aura ____________________________Game available in: English, Chinese, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Brazilian Portuguese, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish____________________________COMPATIBILITY NOTES:***Note*** This game supports high-end smartphones and tablets such as Nexus 7 and Nexus 10.____________________________ ***Sign up now for a weekly round-up of the best from G5 Games! www.g5e.com/e-mail***  ____________________________ G5 Games - World of Adventures!Collect them all! Search for "g5" in Google Play! Adventure:  Games Navigator  By G5 Games  The Secret Society Letters From Nowhere: Mystery Left in the Dark The Ghost Archives Strategy:  Virtual City Playground The Island: Castaway 2 Doomsday Preppers Farm Clan: The Adventure Stand O Food City____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms Game available in: English, Chinese, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Brazilian Portuguese, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish____________________________COMPATIBILITY NOTES:***Note*** This game supports high-end smartphones and tablets such as Nexus 7 and Nexus 10.____________________________ ***Sign up now for a weekly round-up of the best from G5 Games! www.g5e.com/e-mail***  ____________________________ G5 Games - World of Adventures!Collect them all! Search for "g5" in Google Play! Adventure:  Games Navigator  By G5 Games  The Secret Society Letters From Nowhere: Mystery Left in the Dark The Ghost Archives Strategy:  Virtual City Playground The Island: Castaway 2 Doomsday Preppers Farm Clan: The Adventure Stand O Food City____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms COMPATIBILITY NOTES:***Note*** This game supports high-end smartphones and tablets such as Nexus 7 and Nexus 10.____________________________ ***Sign up now for a weekly round-up of the best from G5 Games! www.g5e.com/e-mail***  ____________________________ G5 Games - World of Adventures!Collect them all! Search for "g5" in Google Play! Adventure:  Games Navigator  By G5 Games  The Secret Society Letters From Nowhere: Mystery Left in the Dark The Ghost Archives Strategy:  Virtual City Playground The Island: Castaway 2 Doomsday Preppers Farm Clan: The Adventure Stand O Food City____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms ***Sign up now for a weekly round-up of the best from G5 Games! www.g5e.com/e-mail***  ____________________________ G5 Games - World of Adventures!Collect them all! Search for "g5" in Google Play! Adventure:  Games Navigator  By G5 Games  The Secret Society Letters From Nowhere: Mystery Left in the Dark The Ghost Archives Strategy:  Virtual City Playground The Island: Castaway 2 Doomsday Preppers Farm Clan: The Adventure Stand O Food City____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms G5 Games - World of Adventures!Collect them all! Search for "g5" in Google Play! Adventure:  Games Navigator  By G5 Games  The Secret Society Letters From Nowhere: Mystery Left in the Dark The Ghost Archives Strategy:  Virtual City Playground The Island: Castaway 2 Doomsday Preppers Farm Clan: The Adventure Stand O Food City____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms Collect them all! Search for "g5" in Google Play! Adventure:  Games Navigator  By G5 Games  The Secret Society Letters From Nowhere: Mystery Left in the Dark The Ghost Archives Strategy:  Virtual City Playground The Island: Castaway 2 Doomsday Preppers Farm Clan: The Adventure Stand O Food City____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms Adventure:  Games Navigator  By G5 Games  The Secret Society Letters From Nowhere: Mystery Left in the Dark The Ghost Archives Strategy:  Virtual City Playground The Island: Castaway 2 Doomsday Preppers Farm Clan: The Adventure Stand O Food City____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms  Games Navigator  By G5 Games  The Secret Society Letters From Nowhere: Mystery Left in the Dark The Ghost Archives Strategy:  Virtual City Playground The Island: Castaway 2 Doomsday Preppers Farm Clan: The Adventure Stand O Food City____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms  Virtual City Playground The Island: Castaway 2 Doomsday Preppers Farm Clan: The Adventure Stand O Food City____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms
Please be patient when first starting the game after updating.Loading time may be a bit longer than usual, as the game will be downloading additional new content.Power. Loyalty. Warfare. Product.Its all fair game when you run your own cartel in the official game of NARCOS.Step into the dangerous and thrilling role of cartel kingpin in the official game of the hit television show NARCOS. Decide between leading through raw power or gathering respect through loyalty. Sometimes bad people do good things In the end you must decide, will it be Plata o Plomo?NARCOSLearn the ropes of running an operation from El Patron himself and manage your relationship with the authorities through agents Murphy and Pena. Enter the world of Narcos with exciting events and updates of content from the show.Recruit and buildChoose Plata and hire sicarios and build your defenses. Collect different sicarios, level them up and have them defend your base and add bonuses to production.Wage WarChoose Plomo and send sicario led death squads to take over high value resources from other player cartels.ProfitDevelop your operation by building out your jungle finca with processing plants and labs. Select smuggling lines and plans to maximize revenue.CartelTeam up with other players to form cartels, lay siege to enemy cartel compounds in multi-day campaigns for domination.There is money and power to be made. From now on, nowhere is safe.About NARCOS:Narcos is an inside look at the men who would stop at nothing to take down the cocaine drug lords. From the Colombian government to the DEA agents, from the policemen who would risk their lives to the US officials who would spin the story. Narcos is an unfiltered look into the war that would change the drug trade forever. Power. Loyalty. Warfare. Product.Its all fair game when you run your own cartel in the official game of NARCOS.Step into the dangerous and thrilling role of cartel kingpin in the official game of the hit television show NARCOS. Decide between leading through raw power or gathering respect through loyalty. Sometimes bad people do good things In the end you must decide, will it be Plata o Plomo?NARCOSLearn the ropes of running an operation from El Patron himself and manage your relationship with the authorities through agents Murphy and Pena. Enter the world of Narcos with exciting events and updates of content from the show.Recruit and buildChoose Plata and hire sicarios and build your defenses. Collect different sicarios, level them up and have them defend your base and add bonuses to production.Wage WarChoose Plomo and send sicario led death squads to take over high value resources from other player cartels.ProfitDevelop your operation by building out your jungle finca with processing plants and labs. Select smuggling lines and plans to maximize revenue.CartelTeam up with other players to form cartels, lay siege to enemy cartel compounds in multi-day campaigns for domination.There is money and power to be made. From now on, nowhere is safe.About NARCOS:Narcos is an inside look at the men who would stop at nothing to take down the cocaine drug lords. From the Colombian government to the DEA agents, from the policemen who would risk their lives to the US officials who would spin the story. Narcos is an unfiltered look into the war that would change the drug trade forever. Its all fair game when you run your own cartel in the official game of NARCOS.Step into the dangerous and thrilling role of cartel kingpin in the official game of the hit television show NARCOS. Decide between leading through raw power or gathering respect through loyalty. Sometimes bad people do good things In the end you must decide, will it be Plata o Plomo?NARCOSLearn the ropes of running an operation from El Patron himself and manage your relationship with the authorities through agents Murphy and Pena. Enter the world of Narcos with exciting events and updates of content from the show.Recruit and buildChoose Plata and hire sicarios and build your defenses. Collect different sicarios, level them up and have them defend your base and add bonuses to production.Wage WarChoose Plomo and send sicario led death squads to take over high value resources from other player cartels.ProfitDevelop your operation by building out your jungle finca with processing plants and labs. Select smuggling lines and plans to maximize revenue.CartelTeam up with other players to form cartels, lay siege to enemy cartel compounds in multi-day campaigns for domination.There is money and power to be made. From now on, nowhere is safe.About NARCOS:Narcos is an inside look at the men who would stop at nothing to take down the cocaine drug lords. From the Colombian government to the DEA agents, from the policemen who would risk their lives to the US officials who would spin the story. Narcos is an unfiltered look into the war that would change the drug trade forever. Step into the dangerous and thrilling role of cartel kingpin in the official game of the hit television show NARCOS. Decide between leading through raw power or gathering respect through loyalty. Sometimes bad people do good things In the end you must decide, will it be Plata o Plomo?NARCOSLearn the ropes of running an operation from El Patron himself and manage your relationship with the authorities through agents Murphy and Pena. Enter the world of Narcos with exciting events and updates of content from the show.Recruit and buildChoose Plata and hire sicarios and build your defenses. Collect different sicarios, level them up and have them defend your base and add bonuses to production.Wage WarChoose Plomo and send sicario led death squads to take over high value resources from other player cartels.ProfitDevelop your operation by building out your jungle finca with processing plants and labs. Select smuggling lines and plans to maximize revenue.CartelTeam up with other players to form cartels, lay siege to enemy cartel compounds in multi-day campaigns for domination.There is money and power to be made. From now on, nowhere is safe.About NARCOS:Narcos is an inside look at the men who would stop at nothing to take down the cocaine drug lords. From the Colombian government to the DEA agents, from the policemen who would risk their lives to the US officials who would spin the story. Narcos is an unfiltered look into the war that would change the drug trade forever. NARCOSLearn the ropes of running an operation from El Patron himself and manage your relationship with the authorities through agents Murphy and Pena. Enter the world of Narcos with exciting events and updates of content from the show.Recruit and buildChoose Plata and hire sicarios and build your defenses. Collect different sicarios, level them up and have them defend your base and add bonuses to production.Wage WarChoose Plomo and send sicario led death squads to take over high value resources from other player cartels.ProfitDevelop your operation by building out your jungle finca with processing plants and labs. Select smuggling lines and plans to maximize revenue.CartelTeam up with other players to form cartels, lay siege to enemy cartel compounds in multi-day campaigns for domination.There is money and power to be made. From now on, nowhere is safe.About NARCOS:Narcos is an inside look at the men who would stop at nothing to take down the cocaine drug lords. From the Colombian government to the DEA agents, from the policemen who would risk their lives to the US officials who would spin the story. Narcos is an unfiltered look into the war that would change the drug trade forever. Recruit and buildChoose Plata and hire sicarios and build your defenses. Collect different sicarios, level them up and have them defend your base and add bonuses to production.Wage WarChoose Plomo and send sicario led death squads to take over high value resources from other player cartels.ProfitDevelop your operation by building out your jungle finca with processing plants and labs. Select smuggling lines and plans to maximize revenue.CartelTeam up with other players to form cartels, lay siege to enemy cartel compounds in multi-day campaigns for domination.There is money and power to be made. From now on, nowhere is safe.About NARCOS:Narcos is an inside look at the men who would stop at nothing to take down the cocaine drug lords. From the Colombian government to the DEA agents, from the policemen who would risk their lives to the US officials who would spin the story. Narcos is an unfiltered look into the war that would change the drug trade forever. Wage WarChoose Plomo and send sicario led death squads to take over high value resources from other player cartels.ProfitDevelop your operation by building out your jungle finca with processing plants and labs. Select smuggling lines and plans to maximize revenue.CartelTeam up with other players to form cartels, lay siege to enemy cartel compounds in multi-day campaigns for domination.There is money and power to be made. From now on, nowhere is safe.About NARCOS:Narcos is an inside look at the men who would stop at nothing to take down the cocaine drug lords. From the Colombian government to the DEA agents, from the policemen who would risk their lives to the US officials who would spin the story. Narcos is an unfiltered look into the war that would change the drug trade forever. ProfitDevelop your operation by building out your jungle finca with processing plants and labs. Select smuggling lines and plans to maximize revenue.CartelTeam up with other players to form cartels, lay siege to enemy cartel compounds in multi-day campaigns for domination.There is money and power to be made. From now on, nowhere is safe.About NARCOS:Narcos is an inside look at the men who would stop at nothing to take down the cocaine drug lords. From the Colombian government to the DEA agents, from the policemen who would risk their lives to the US officials who would spin the story. Narcos is an unfiltered look into the war that would change the drug trade forever. CartelTeam up with other players to form cartels, lay siege to enemy cartel compounds in multi-day campaigns for domination.There is money and power to be made. From now on, nowhere is safe.About NARCOS:Narcos is an inside look at the men who would stop at nothing to take down the cocaine drug lords. From the Colombian government to the DEA agents, from the policemen who would risk their lives to the US officials who would spin the story. Narcos is an unfiltered look into the war that would change the drug trade forever. There is money and power to be made. From now on, nowhere is safe.About NARCOS:Narcos is an inside look at the men who would stop at nothing to take down the cocaine drug lords. From the Colombian government to the DEA agents, from the policemen who would risk their lives to the US officials who would spin the story. Narcos is an unfiltered look into the war that would change the drug trade forever. About NARCOS:Narcos is an inside look at the men who would stop at nothing to take down the cocaine drug lords. From the Colombian government to the DEA agents, from the policemen who would risk their lives to the US officials who would spin the story. Narcos is an unfiltered look into the war that would change the drug trade forever.
Laura James, an adventurous reporter, starts her own investigation on the  mysterious vanishing of the mafia bosses and the forthcoming children kidnapping.New York Mysteries: Secrets of the Mafia - an adventurous hidden object game-quest with puzzles and mini-games that tells a detective story revealing the secrets of the mafia and New York itself.New York, 1955. It's become dangerous in the city. The mafia is trying to seize power. But recently, a new force appeared. A far more terrible force. Over the last few days, five mafia bosses have disappeared in mysterious circumstances. A strange liquid and a butterfly were found at the scenes of the disappearances. But this isn't what scared the citizens... Children started to disappear in the city. All of them drew exactly the same butterflies before they disappeared. Laura James, a reporter with the 'Daily News', gets down to her own investigation. She will have to find the team mates, reveal a lot of secrets and solve plenty of puzzles to find out the truth. What dark secrets are hidden in the underground tunnels? Will the main character manage to solve the challenging task and save the ones who disappeared?Game features: Explore over 50 stunning locations Complete over 40 different mini-games Challenge yourself with interactive hidden object scenes Bonus chapter about mysterious underground city Assemble collections, gather morphing objects, and gain achievements The game is optimized for tablets and phones!Immerse yourself into into the mysteries of New York in the 50-sCarry out your own journalist investigationSolve numerous puzzlesFind out the secrets of the mafia bossesSave the disappeared children+++ Get more games created by FIVE-BN! +++WWW:http://five-bn.comFACEBOOK:https://www.facebook.com/fivebn/TWITTER:https://twitter.com/fivebngamesYOUTUBE:https://youtube.com/fivebnPINTEREST:https://pinterest.com/five_bn/INSTAGRAM:https://www.instagram.com/five_bn/ New York Mysteries: Secrets of the Mafia - an adventurous hidden object game-quest with puzzles and mini-games that tells a detective story revealing the secrets of the mafia and New York itself.New York, 1955. It's become dangerous in the city. The mafia is trying to seize power. But recently, a new force appeared. A far more terrible force. Over the last few days, five mafia bosses have disappeared in mysterious circumstances. A strange liquid and a butterfly were found at the scenes of the disappearances. But this isn't what scared the citizens... Children started to disappear in the city. All of them drew exactly the same butterflies before they disappeared. Laura James, a reporter with the 'Daily News', gets down to her own investigation. She will have to find the team mates, reveal a lot of secrets and solve plenty of puzzles to find out the truth. What dark secrets are hidden in the underground tunnels? Will the main character manage to solve the challenging task and save the ones who disappeared?Game features: Explore over 50 stunning locations Complete over 40 different mini-games Challenge yourself with interactive hidden object scenes Bonus chapter about mysterious underground city Assemble collections, gather morphing objects, and gain achievements The game is optimized for tablets and phones!Immerse yourself into into the mysteries of New York in the 50-sCarry out your own journalist investigationSolve numerous puzzlesFind out the secrets of the mafia bossesSave the disappeared children+++ Get more games created by FIVE-BN! +++WWW:http://five-bn.comFACEBOOK:https://www.facebook.com/fivebn/TWITTER:https://twitter.com/fivebngamesYOUTUBE:https://youtube.com/fivebnPINTEREST:https://pinterest.com/five_bn/INSTAGRAM:https://www.instagram.com/five_bn/ New York, 1955. It's become dangerous in the city. The mafia is trying to seize power. But recently, a new force appeared. A far more terrible force. Over the last few days, five mafia bosses have disappeared in mysterious circumstances. A strange liquid and a butterfly were found at the scenes of the disappearances. But this isn't what scared the citizens... Children started to disappear in the city. All of them drew exactly the same butterflies before they disappeared. Laura James, a reporter with the 'Daily News', gets down to her own investigation. She will have to find the team mates, reveal a lot of secrets and solve plenty of puzzles to find out the truth. What dark secrets are hidden in the underground tunnels? Will the main character manage to solve the challenging task and save the ones who disappeared?Game features: Explore over 50 stunning locations Complete over 40 different mini-games Challenge yourself with interactive hidden object scenes Bonus chapter about mysterious underground city Assemble collections, gather morphing objects, and gain achievements The game is optimized for tablets and phones!Immerse yourself into into the mysteries of New York in the 50-sCarry out your own journalist investigationSolve numerous puzzlesFind out the secrets of the mafia bossesSave the disappeared children+++ Get more games created by FIVE-BN! +++WWW:http://five-bn.comFACEBOOK:https://www.facebook.com/fivebn/TWITTER:https://twitter.com/fivebngamesYOUTUBE:https://youtube.com/fivebnPINTEREST:https://pinterest.com/five_bn/INSTAGRAM:https://www.instagram.com/five_bn/ Game features: Explore over 50 stunning locations Complete over 40 different mini-games Challenge yourself with interactive hidden object scenes Bonus chapter about mysterious underground city Assemble collections, gather morphing objects, and gain achievements The game is optimized for tablets and phones!Immerse yourself into into the mysteries of New York in the 50-sCarry out your own journalist investigationSolve numerous puzzlesFind out the secrets of the mafia bossesSave the disappeared children+++ Get more games created by FIVE-BN! +++WWW:http://five-bn.comFACEBOOK:https://www.facebook.com/fivebn/TWITTER:https://twitter.com/fivebngamesYOUTUBE:https://youtube.com/fivebnPINTEREST:https://pinterest.com/five_bn/INSTAGRAM:https://www.instagram.com/five_bn/ Immerse yourself into into the mysteries of New York in the 50-sCarry out your own journalist investigationSolve numerous puzzlesFind out the secrets of the mafia bossesSave the disappeared children+++ Get more games created by FIVE-BN! +++WWW:http://five-bn.comFACEBOOK:https://www.facebook.com/fivebn/TWITTER:https://twitter.com/fivebngamesYOUTUBE:https://youtube.com/fivebnPINTEREST:https://pinterest.com/five_bn/INSTAGRAM:https://www.instagram.com/five_bn/ +++ Get more games created by FIVE-BN! +++WWW:http://five-bn.comFACEBOOK:https://www.facebook.com/fivebn/TWITTER:https://twitter.com/fivebngamesYOUTUBE:https://youtube.com/fivebnPINTEREST:https://pinterest.com/five_bn/INSTAGRAM:https://www.instagram.com/five_bn/
One day, a group of ninjas suddenly appeared in front of me.They pick me up? The symbol of ninja??Me... a ninja princess!?And, I find a forbidden loveA Dating Simulation Game set in an era of turmoil in Japan has come out![Characters]-A cool and sadistic ninja-Saizo Kirigakure (Koga Ninja)Do you even know what you're saying?Don't even think of telling any other guys that-A young and mischievous little ninja-Sasuke Sarutobi (Koga Ninja)I gave you that on purpose.To show everyone you're mine...-An emotionless, lonely ninja-Kotaro Fuma (Fuma Clan)It is my job to protect you, princess...I am ready to sacrifice my life for youYou can play above 3 tough characters in this game.Moreover, if you purchase additional story from this application, you can also play 4 further characters (Goemon Ishikawa, Rennoshin, Musashi Miyamoto and Munenori Yagyu).[Features]1.Wide variety of EndingsBecause the ending you get is determined by the answers you chose, you can enjoy 3 types of endings.2.High quality pictures based on each characters storyYou might choose an option which leads to a high quality image! Try to find them! 3.Mail from charactersYou may be able to see a different side of the characters!?4.It is useful to learn Japanese/EnglishLanguage switching function is available.[Story Introduction]An era of turmoil.Nobunaga Oda was trying to conquer the world, and to wipe out all "Ninjas".Iga, Koga and Fuma have joined forces in order to fight Nobunaga.I had been living as the granddaughter of a chief priest at a temple without knowing anything, when, one day, a group of ninjas suddenly appeared in front of me.I hastened back to the temple to ask my grandfather if he knew what was going on, only to find him in deep conversation with a guest."Nobunaga is trying to wipe out Iga, Koga, Fuma... and all of the ninjas there""I know, Lord Hattori. We have to stop Nobunaga or the future of the ninjas is doomed"Iga, Koga, Fuma, Hattori... the future of ninjas?What's going on!?My grandfather noticed me and told me that I am the princess who succeeds to the art of Ninjutsu and as the symbol of the pact among Iga, Koga and Fuma.What!?All of a sudden, the whole place was packed with ninjas.I have to go Iga where the allied ninja are gathering with only one of strong ninjas.Are you serious!?Whats going to become of me?[How to play]1.As you progress in the story, you will get to choose answers. 2.You advance in the story by selecting dialogue options.3.The ending will change depending on which answers you choose.4.MY ROOM(playing history) is available.You can check high quality images displayed during the game, mails, and progress status in MY ROOM.[What's a dating sim game?: otome games(Japanese anime games)] A dating sim game is like a hybrid genre including romance novels and a simulation games, which holds every girl's hearts! Dating sims game has multiple characters as your boyfriend, and endings which will change according to options selected by you. In addition, you will be provided with beautiful visual images that color your imagination. In Japan, Otome games has gained widespread fun from great range of ages, girls and ladies. We're sure that our dating simulation games will bring you a exciting experience! *note*When you can't finish the initial data download, please try downloading once again in a better wireless communication environment.BGM is not integrated into Android OS.How to change the language?Start the application, tap (OPTION), select  (LANGUAGE), tap  (YES). A Dating Simulation Game set in an era of turmoil in Japan has come out![Characters]-A cool and sadistic ninja-Saizo Kirigakure (Koga Ninja)Do you even know what you're saying?Don't even think of telling any other guys that-A young and mischievous little ninja-Sasuke Sarutobi (Koga Ninja)I gave you that on purpose.To show everyone you're mine...-An emotionless, lonely ninja-Kotaro Fuma (Fuma Clan)It is my job to protect you, princess...I am ready to sacrifice my life for youYou can play above 3 tough characters in this game.Moreover, if you purchase additional story from this application, you can also play 4 further characters (Goemon Ishikawa, Rennoshin, Musashi Miyamoto and Munenori Yagyu).[Features]1.Wide variety of EndingsBecause the ending you get is determined by the answers you chose, you can enjoy 3 types of endings.2.High quality pictures based on each characters storyYou might choose an option which leads to a high quality image! Try to find them! 3.Mail from charactersYou may be able to see a different side of the characters!?4.It is useful to learn Japanese/EnglishLanguage switching function is available.[Story Introduction]An era of turmoil.Nobunaga Oda was trying to conquer the world, and to wipe out all "Ninjas".Iga, Koga and Fuma have joined forces in order to fight Nobunaga.I had been living as the granddaughter of a chief priest at a temple without knowing anything, when, one day, a group of ninjas suddenly appeared in front of me.I hastened back to the temple to ask my grandfather if he knew what was going on, only to find him in deep conversation with a guest."Nobunaga is trying to wipe out Iga, Koga, Fuma... and all of the ninjas there""I know, Lord Hattori. We have to stop Nobunaga or the future of the ninjas is doomed"Iga, Koga, Fuma, Hattori... the future of ninjas?What's going on!?My grandfather noticed me and told me that I am the princess who succeeds to the art of Ninjutsu and as the symbol of the pact among Iga, Koga and Fuma.What!?All of a sudden, the whole place was packed with ninjas.I have to go Iga where the allied ninja are gathering with only one of strong ninjas.Are you serious!?Whats going to become of me?[How to play]1.As you progress in the story, you will get to choose answers. 2.You advance in the story by selecting dialogue options.3.The ending will change depending on which answers you choose.4.MY ROOM(playing history) is available.You can check high quality images displayed during the game, mails, and progress status in MY ROOM.[What's a dating sim game?: otome games(Japanese anime games)] A dating sim game is like a hybrid genre including romance novels and a simulation games, which holds every girl's hearts! Dating sims game has multiple characters as your boyfriend, and endings which will change according to options selected by you. In addition, you will be provided with beautiful visual images that color your imagination. In Japan, Otome games has gained widespread fun from great range of ages, girls and ladies. We're sure that our dating simulation games will bring you a exciting experience! *note*When you can't finish the initial data download, please try downloading once again in a better wireless communication environment.BGM is not integrated into Android OS.How to change the language?Start the application, tap (OPTION), select  (LANGUAGE), tap  (YES). [Characters]-A cool and sadistic ninja-Saizo Kirigakure (Koga Ninja)Do you even know what you're saying?Don't even think of telling any other guys that-A young and mischievous little ninja-Sasuke Sarutobi (Koga Ninja)I gave you that on purpose.To show everyone you're mine...-An emotionless, lonely ninja-Kotaro Fuma (Fuma Clan)It is my job to protect you, princess...I am ready to sacrifice my life for youYou can play above 3 tough characters in this game.Moreover, if you purchase additional story from this application, you can also play 4 further characters (Goemon Ishikawa, Rennoshin, Musashi Miyamoto and Munenori Yagyu).[Features]1.Wide variety of EndingsBecause the ending you get is determined by the answers you chose, you can enjoy 3 types of endings.2.High quality pictures based on each characters storyYou might choose an option which leads to a high quality image! Try to find them! 3.Mail from charactersYou may be able to see a different side of the characters!?4.It is useful to learn Japanese/EnglishLanguage switching function is available.[Story Introduction]An era of turmoil.Nobunaga Oda was trying to conquer the world, and to wipe out all "Ninjas".Iga, Koga and Fuma have joined forces in order to fight Nobunaga.I had been living as the granddaughter of a chief priest at a temple without knowing anything, when, one day, a group of ninjas suddenly appeared in front of me.I hastened back to the temple to ask my grandfather if he knew what was going on, only to find him in deep conversation with a guest."Nobunaga is trying to wipe out Iga, Koga, Fuma... and all of the ninjas there""I know, Lord Hattori. We have to stop Nobunaga or the future of the ninjas is doomed"Iga, Koga, Fuma, Hattori... the future of ninjas?What's going on!?My grandfather noticed me and told me that I am the princess who succeeds to the art of Ninjutsu and as the symbol of the pact among Iga, Koga and Fuma.What!?All of a sudden, the whole place was packed with ninjas.I have to go Iga where the allied ninja are gathering with only one of strong ninjas.Are you serious!?Whats going to become of me?[How to play]1.As you progress in the story, you will get to choose answers. 2.You advance in the story by selecting dialogue options.3.The ending will change depending on which answers you choose.4.MY ROOM(playing history) is available.You can check high quality images displayed during the game, mails, and progress status in MY ROOM.[What's a dating sim game?: otome games(Japanese anime games)] A dating sim game is like a hybrid genre including romance novels and a simulation games, which holds every girl's hearts! Dating sims game has multiple characters as your boyfriend, and endings which will change according to options selected by you. In addition, you will be provided with beautiful visual images that color your imagination. In Japan, Otome games has gained widespread fun from great range of ages, girls and ladies. We're sure that our dating simulation games will bring you a exciting experience! *note*When you can't finish the initial data download, please try downloading once again in a better wireless communication environment.BGM is not integrated into Android OS.How to change the language?Start the application, tap (OPTION), select  (LANGUAGE), tap  (YES). -A young and mischievous little ninja-Sasuke Sarutobi (Koga Ninja)I gave you that on purpose.To show everyone you're mine...-An emotionless, lonely ninja-Kotaro Fuma (Fuma Clan)It is my job to protect you, princess...I am ready to sacrifice my life for youYou can play above 3 tough characters in this game.Moreover, if you purchase additional story from this application, you can also play 4 further characters (Goemon Ishikawa, Rennoshin, Musashi Miyamoto and Munenori Yagyu).[Features]1.Wide variety of EndingsBecause the ending you get is determined by the answers you chose, you can enjoy 3 types of endings.2.High quality pictures based on each characters storyYou might choose an option which leads to a high quality image! Try to find them! 3.Mail from charactersYou may be able to see a different side of the characters!?4.It is useful to learn Japanese/EnglishLanguage switching function is available.[Story Introduction]An era of turmoil.Nobunaga Oda was trying to conquer the world, and to wipe out all "Ninjas".Iga, Koga and Fuma have joined forces in order to fight Nobunaga.I had been living as the granddaughter of a chief priest at a temple without knowing anything, when, one day, a group of ninjas suddenly appeared in front of me.I hastened back to the temple to ask my grandfather if he knew what was going on, only to find him in deep conversation with a guest."Nobunaga is trying to wipe out Iga, Koga, Fuma... and all of the ninjas there""I know, Lord Hattori. We have to stop Nobunaga or the future of the ninjas is doomed"Iga, Koga, Fuma, Hattori... the future of ninjas?What's going on!?My grandfather noticed me and told me that I am the princess who succeeds to the art of Ninjutsu and as the symbol of the pact among Iga, Koga and Fuma.What!?All of a sudden, the whole place was packed with ninjas.I have to go Iga where the allied ninja are gathering with only one of strong ninjas.Are you serious!?Whats going to become of me?[How to play]1.As you progress in the story, you will get to choose answers. 2.You advance in the story by selecting dialogue options.3.The ending will change depending on which answers you choose.4.MY ROOM(playing history) is available.You can check high quality images displayed during the game, mails, and progress status in MY ROOM.[What's a dating sim game?: otome games(Japanese anime games)] A dating sim game is like a hybrid genre including romance novels and a simulation games, which holds every girl's hearts! Dating sims game has multiple characters as your boyfriend, and endings which will change according to options selected by you. In addition, you will be provided with beautiful visual images that color your imagination. In Japan, Otome games has gained widespread fun from great range of ages, girls and ladies. We're sure that our dating simulation games will bring you a exciting experience! *note*When you can't finish the initial data download, please try downloading once again in a better wireless communication environment.BGM is not integrated into Android OS.How to change the language?Start the application, tap (OPTION), select  (LANGUAGE), tap  (YES). -An emotionless, lonely ninja-Kotaro Fuma (Fuma Clan)It is my job to protect you, princess...I am ready to sacrifice my life for youYou can play above 3 tough characters in this game.Moreover, if you purchase additional story from this application, you can also play 4 further characters (Goemon Ishikawa, Rennoshin, Musashi Miyamoto and Munenori Yagyu).[Features]1.Wide variety of EndingsBecause the ending you get is determined by the answers you chose, you can enjoy 3 types of endings.2.High quality pictures based on each characters storyYou might choose an option which leads to a high quality image! Try to find them! 3.Mail from charactersYou may be able to see a different side of the characters!?4.It is useful to learn Japanese/EnglishLanguage switching function is available.[Story Introduction]An era of turmoil.Nobunaga Oda was trying to conquer the world, and to wipe out all "Ninjas".Iga, Koga and Fuma have joined forces in order to fight Nobunaga.I had been living as the granddaughter of a chief priest at a temple without knowing anything, when, one day, a group of ninjas suddenly appeared in front of me.I hastened back to the temple to ask my grandfather if he knew what was going on, only to find him in deep conversation with a guest."Nobunaga is trying to wipe out Iga, Koga, Fuma... and all of the ninjas there""I know, Lord Hattori. We have to stop Nobunaga or the future of the ninjas is doomed"Iga, Koga, Fuma, Hattori... the future of ninjas?What's going on!?My grandfather noticed me and told me that I am the princess who succeeds to the art of Ninjutsu and as the symbol of the pact among Iga, Koga and Fuma.What!?All of a sudden, the whole place was packed with ninjas.I have to go Iga where the allied ninja are gathering with only one of strong ninjas.Are you serious!?Whats going to become of me?[How to play]1.As you progress in the story, you will get to choose answers. 2.You advance in the story by selecting dialogue options.3.The ending will change depending on which answers you choose.4.MY ROOM(playing history) is available.You can check high quality images displayed during the game, mails, and progress status in MY ROOM.[What's a dating sim game?: otome games(Japanese anime games)] A dating sim game is like a hybrid genre including romance novels and a simulation games, which holds every girl's hearts! Dating sims game has multiple characters as your boyfriend, and endings which will change according to options selected by you. In addition, you will be provided with beautiful visual images that color your imagination. In Japan, Otome games has gained widespread fun from great range of ages, girls and ladies. We're sure that our dating simulation games will bring you a exciting experience! *note*When you can't finish the initial data download, please try downloading once again in a better wireless communication environment.BGM is not integrated into Android OS.How to change the language?Start the application, tap (OPTION), select  (LANGUAGE), tap  (YES). You can play above 3 tough characters in this game.Moreover, if you purchase additional story from this application, you can also play 4 further characters (Goemon Ishikawa, Rennoshin, Musashi Miyamoto and Munenori Yagyu).[Features]1.Wide variety of EndingsBecause the ending you get is determined by the answers you chose, you can enjoy 3 types of endings.2.High quality pictures based on each characters storyYou might choose an option which leads to a high quality image! Try to find them! 3.Mail from charactersYou may be able to see a different side of the characters!?4.It is useful to learn Japanese/EnglishLanguage switching function is available.[Story Introduction]An era of turmoil.Nobunaga Oda was trying to conquer the world, and to wipe out all "Ninjas".Iga, Koga and Fuma have joined forces in order to fight Nobunaga.I had been living as the granddaughter of a chief priest at a temple without knowing anything, when, one day, a group of ninjas suddenly appeared in front of me.I hastened back to the temple to ask my grandfather if he knew what was going on, only to find him in deep conversation with a guest."Nobunaga is trying to wipe out Iga, Koga, Fuma... and all of the ninjas there""I know, Lord Hattori. We have to stop Nobunaga or the future of the ninjas is doomed"Iga, Koga, Fuma, Hattori... the future of ninjas?What's going on!?My grandfather noticed me and told me that I am the princess who succeeds to the art of Ninjutsu and as the symbol of the pact among Iga, Koga and Fuma.What!?All of a sudden, the whole place was packed with ninjas.I have to go Iga where the allied ninja are gathering with only one of strong ninjas.Are you serious!?Whats going to become of me?[How to play]1.As you progress in the story, you will get to choose answers. 2.You advance in the story by selecting dialogue options.3.The ending will change depending on which answers you choose.4.MY ROOM(playing history) is available.You can check high quality images displayed during the game, mails, and progress status in MY ROOM.[What's a dating sim game?: otome games(Japanese anime games)] A dating sim game is like a hybrid genre including romance novels and a simulation games, which holds every girl's hearts! Dating sims game has multiple characters as your boyfriend, and endings which will change according to options selected by you. In addition, you will be provided with beautiful visual images that color your imagination. In Japan, Otome games has gained widespread fun from great range of ages, girls and ladies. We're sure that our dating simulation games will bring you a exciting experience! *note*When you can't finish the initial data download, please try downloading once again in a better wireless communication environment.BGM is not integrated into Android OS.How to change the language?Start the application, tap (OPTION), select  (LANGUAGE), tap  (YES). [Features]1.Wide variety of EndingsBecause the ending you get is determined by the answers you chose, you can enjoy 3 types of endings.2.High quality pictures based on each characters storyYou might choose an option which leads to a high quality image! Try to find them! 3.Mail from charactersYou may be able to see a different side of the characters!?4.It is useful to learn Japanese/EnglishLanguage switching function is available.[Story Introduction]An era of turmoil.Nobunaga Oda was trying to conquer the world, and to wipe out all "Ninjas".Iga, Koga and Fuma have joined forces in order to fight Nobunaga.I had been living as the granddaughter of a chief priest at a temple without knowing anything, when, one day, a group of ninjas suddenly appeared in front of me.I hastened back to the temple to ask my grandfather if he knew what was going on, only to find him in deep conversation with a guest."Nobunaga is trying to wipe out Iga, Koga, Fuma... and all of the ninjas there""I know, Lord Hattori. We have to stop Nobunaga or the future of the ninjas is doomed"Iga, Koga, Fuma, Hattori... the future of ninjas?What's going on!?My grandfather noticed me and told me that I am the princess who succeeds to the art of Ninjutsu and as the symbol of the pact among Iga, Koga and Fuma.What!?All of a sudden, the whole place was packed with ninjas.I have to go Iga where the allied ninja are gathering with only one of strong ninjas.Are you serious!?Whats going to become of me?[How to play]1.As you progress in the story, you will get to choose answers. 2.You advance in the story by selecting dialogue options.3.The ending will change depending on which answers you choose.4.MY ROOM(playing history) is available.You can check high quality images displayed during the game, mails, and progress status in MY ROOM.[What's a dating sim game?: otome games(Japanese anime games)] A dating sim game is like a hybrid genre including romance novels and a simulation games, which holds every girl's hearts! Dating sims game has multiple characters as your boyfriend, and endings which will change according to options selected by you. In addition, you will be provided with beautiful visual images that color your imagination. In Japan, Otome games has gained widespread fun from great range of ages, girls and ladies. We're sure that our dating simulation games will bring you a exciting experience! *note*When you can't finish the initial data download, please try downloading once again in a better wireless communication environment.BGM is not integrated into Android OS.How to change the language?Start the application, tap (OPTION), select  (LANGUAGE), tap  (YES). 2.High quality pictures based on each characters storyYou might choose an option which leads to a high quality image! Try to find them! 3.Mail from charactersYou may be able to see a different side of the characters!?4.It is useful to learn Japanese/EnglishLanguage switching function is available.[Story Introduction]An era of turmoil.Nobunaga Oda was trying to conquer the world, and to wipe out all "Ninjas".Iga, Koga and Fuma have joined forces in order to fight Nobunaga.I had been living as the granddaughter of a chief priest at a temple without knowing anything, when, one day, a group of ninjas suddenly appeared in front of me.I hastened back to the temple to ask my grandfather if he knew what was going on, only to find him in deep conversation with a guest."Nobunaga is trying to wipe out Iga, Koga, Fuma... and all of the ninjas there""I know, Lord Hattori. We have to stop Nobunaga or the future of the ninjas is doomed"Iga, Koga, Fuma, Hattori... the future of ninjas?What's going on!?My grandfather noticed me and told me that I am the princess who succeeds to the art of Ninjutsu and as the symbol of the pact among Iga, Koga and Fuma.What!?All of a sudden, the whole place was packed with ninjas.I have to go Iga where the allied ninja are gathering with only one of strong ninjas.Are you serious!?Whats going to become of me?[How to play]1.As you progress in the story, you will get to choose answers. 2.You advance in the story by selecting dialogue options.3.The ending will change depending on which answers you choose.4.MY ROOM(playing history) is available.You can check high quality images displayed during the game, mails, and progress status in MY ROOM.[What's a dating sim game?: otome games(Japanese anime games)] A dating sim game is like a hybrid genre including romance novels and a simulation games, which holds every girl's hearts! Dating sims game has multiple characters as your boyfriend, and endings which will change according to options selected by you. In addition, you will be provided with beautiful visual images that color your imagination. In Japan, Otome games has gained widespread fun from great range of ages, girls and ladies. We're sure that our dating simulation games will bring you a exciting experience! *note*When you can't finish the initial data download, please try downloading once again in a better wireless communication environment.BGM is not integrated into Android OS.How to change the language?Start the application, tap (OPTION), select  (LANGUAGE), tap  (YES). 3.Mail from charactersYou may be able to see a different side of the characters!?4.It is useful to learn Japanese/EnglishLanguage switching function is available.[Story Introduction]An era of turmoil.Nobunaga Oda was trying to conquer the world, and to wipe out all "Ninjas".Iga, Koga and Fuma have joined forces in order to fight Nobunaga.I had been living as the granddaughter of a chief priest at a temple without knowing anything, when, one day, a group of ninjas suddenly appeared in front of me.I hastened back to the temple to ask my grandfather if he knew what was going on, only to find him in deep conversation with a guest."Nobunaga is trying to wipe out Iga, Koga, Fuma... and all of the ninjas there""I know, Lord Hattori. We have to stop Nobunaga or the future of the ninjas is doomed"Iga, Koga, Fuma, Hattori... the future of ninjas?What's going on!?My grandfather noticed me and told me that I am the princess who succeeds to the art of Ninjutsu and as the symbol of the pact among Iga, Koga and Fuma.What!?All of a sudden, the whole place was packed with ninjas.I have to go Iga where the allied ninja are gathering with only one of strong ninjas.Are you serious!?Whats going to become of me?[How to play]1.As you progress in the story, you will get to choose answers. 2.You advance in the story by selecting dialogue options.3.The ending will change depending on which answers you choose.4.MY ROOM(playing history) is available.You can check high quality images displayed during the game, mails, and progress status in MY ROOM.[What's a dating sim game?: otome games(Japanese anime games)] A dating sim game is like a hybrid genre including romance novels and a simulation games, which holds every girl's hearts! Dating sims game has multiple characters as your boyfriend, and endings which will change according to options selected by you. In addition, you will be provided with beautiful visual images that color your imagination. In Japan, Otome games has gained widespread fun from great range of ages, girls and ladies. We're sure that our dating simulation games will bring you a exciting experience! *note*When you can't finish the initial data download, please try downloading once again in a better wireless communication environment.BGM is not integrated into Android OS.How to change the language?Start the application, tap (OPTION), select  (LANGUAGE), tap  (YES). 4.It is useful to learn Japanese/EnglishLanguage switching function is available.[Story Introduction]An era of turmoil.Nobunaga Oda was trying to conquer the world, and to wipe out all "Ninjas".Iga, Koga and Fuma have joined forces in order to fight Nobunaga.I had been living as the granddaughter of a chief priest at a temple without knowing anything, when, one day, a group of ninjas suddenly appeared in front of me.I hastened back to the temple to ask my grandfather if he knew what was going on, only to find him in deep conversation with a guest."Nobunaga is trying to wipe out Iga, Koga, Fuma... and all of the ninjas there""I know, Lord Hattori. We have to stop Nobunaga or the future of the ninjas is doomed"Iga, Koga, Fuma, Hattori... the future of ninjas?What's going on!?My grandfather noticed me and told me that I am the princess who succeeds to the art of Ninjutsu and as the symbol of the pact among Iga, Koga and Fuma.What!?All of a sudden, the whole place was packed with ninjas.I have to go Iga where the allied ninja are gathering with only one of strong ninjas.Are you serious!?Whats going to become of me?[How to play]1.As you progress in the story, you will get to choose answers. 2.You advance in the story by selecting dialogue options.3.The ending will change depending on which answers you choose.4.MY ROOM(playing history) is available.You can check high quality images displayed during the game, mails, and progress status in MY ROOM.[What's a dating sim game?: otome games(Japanese anime games)] A dating sim game is like a hybrid genre including romance novels and a simulation games, which holds every girl's hearts! Dating sims game has multiple characters as your boyfriend, and endings which will change according to options selected by you. In addition, you will be provided with beautiful visual images that color your imagination. In Japan, Otome games has gained widespread fun from great range of ages, girls and ladies. We're sure that our dating simulation games will bring you a exciting experience! *note*When you can't finish the initial data download, please try downloading once again in a better wireless communication environment.BGM is not integrated into Android OS.How to change the language?Start the application, tap (OPTION), select  (LANGUAGE), tap  (YES). [Story Introduction]An era of turmoil.Nobunaga Oda was trying to conquer the world, and to wipe out all "Ninjas".Iga, Koga and Fuma have joined forces in order to fight Nobunaga.I had been living as the granddaughter of a chief priest at a temple without knowing anything, when, one day, a group of ninjas suddenly appeared in front of me.I hastened back to the temple to ask my grandfather if he knew what was going on, only to find him in deep conversation with a guest."Nobunaga is trying to wipe out Iga, Koga, Fuma... and all of the ninjas there""I know, Lord Hattori. We have to stop Nobunaga or the future of the ninjas is doomed"Iga, Koga, Fuma, Hattori... the future of ninjas?What's going on!?My grandfather noticed me and told me that I am the princess who succeeds to the art of Ninjutsu and as the symbol of the pact among Iga, Koga and Fuma.What!?All of a sudden, the whole place was packed with ninjas.I have to go Iga where the allied ninja are gathering with only one of strong ninjas.Are you serious!?Whats going to become of me?[How to play]1.As you progress in the story, you will get to choose answers. 2.You advance in the story by selecting dialogue options.3.The ending will change depending on which answers you choose.4.MY ROOM(playing history) is available.You can check high quality images displayed during the game, mails, and progress status in MY ROOM.[What's a dating sim game?: otome games(Japanese anime games)] A dating sim game is like a hybrid genre including romance novels and a simulation games, which holds every girl's hearts! Dating sims game has multiple characters as your boyfriend, and endings which will change according to options selected by you. In addition, you will be provided with beautiful visual images that color your imagination. In Japan, Otome games has gained widespread fun from great range of ages, girls and ladies. We're sure that our dating simulation games will bring you a exciting experience! *note*When you can't finish the initial data download, please try downloading once again in a better wireless communication environment.BGM is not integrated into Android OS.How to change the language?Start the application, tap (OPTION), select  (LANGUAGE), tap  (YES). Iga, Koga and Fuma have joined forces in order to fight Nobunaga.I had been living as the granddaughter of a chief priest at a temple without knowing anything, when, one day, a group of ninjas suddenly appeared in front of me.I hastened back to the temple to ask my grandfather if he knew what was going on, only to find him in deep conversation with a guest."Nobunaga is trying to wipe out Iga, Koga, Fuma... and all of the ninjas there""I know, Lord Hattori. We have to stop Nobunaga or the future of the ninjas is doomed"Iga, Koga, Fuma, Hattori... the future of ninjas?What's going on!?My grandfather noticed me and told me that I am the princess who succeeds to the art of Ninjutsu and as the symbol of the pact among Iga, Koga and Fuma.What!?All of a sudden, the whole place was packed with ninjas.I have to go Iga where the allied ninja are gathering with only one of strong ninjas.Are you serious!?Whats going to become of me?[How to play]1.As you progress in the story, you will get to choose answers. 2.You advance in the story by selecting dialogue options.3.The ending will change depending on which answers you choose.4.MY ROOM(playing history) is available.You can check high quality images displayed during the game, mails, and progress status in MY ROOM.[What's a dating sim game?: otome games(Japanese anime games)] A dating sim game is like a hybrid genre including rom
Fall sale now on!!!** PLEASE NOTE: Rockchip, Broadcom and Amlogic devices NOT SUPPORTED!  Requires at least a 1.2 GHz dual core CPU, 1 GB RAM with Adreno 220, Nvidia Tegra 3, ARM Mali 400-MP, PowerVR SGX 543MP, Intel HD Graphics or Vivante GC1000 GPU. Runs at variable resolution based on device capabilities. Performance settings available in app."A stunning and exquisitely realized masterpiece that delivers a gaming experience unlike any that we've seen before" - Game Informer"A wild, beautiful and exceptional action experience" - IGNTouchArcade 5/5 Stars "every bit as awesome now on a mobile device"148apps Editor's Choice 4.5/5 Stars "its a console-quality adventure"Prepare to immerse yourself in 20 + hours of action-adventure.In the dusty, undeveloped wastelands of Western Mudos, cantankerous townsfolk find their settlements besieged by belligerent outlaws. Along comes Stranger, a drifter turned bounty hunter, with a unique double-barreled critter-firing crossbow.Strangers Wrath has been passionately upgraded for this all-new release with all exciting new controls that make the most of the mobile format and improved visuals throughout.Features:* Fully configurable touch-screen controls let you move & re-size individual buttons to suit your play style* Scalable virtual joystick for fine tuning sensitivity of movement * Explore living towns, lush forests, and massive industrial facilities* Seamlessly transition between first-person shooter and third-person platfomer* Scour your surroundings for live ammo* Work with a range of strategies to surprise, stun, lure, blast and bag devious outlaws* Meet incredibly odd, funny and smack-talking townsfolk, enemies and natives* Fight dozens of varied bosses with outlandish arsenals and outrageous names Plus:* Complete "twin-stick" HID gamepad support, including specific control setups for Shield, Moga (HID), XBOX 360, PS3/PS4, and many more* Intuitive touch controls + a redesigned mobile interface make playing & navigating a breeze  * Incredible visuals that harness all the advanced graphics capabilities of today's mobile chipsets* A hilarious script, theatrical soundtrack and compelling storyline with a shocking twist* English, German, Russian, French, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Finish, Swedish, and Polish language support* Leaderboards, Achievements and Cloud Save ** PLEASE NOTE: Rockchip, Broadcom and Amlogic devices NOT SUPPORTED!  Requires at least a 1.2 GHz dual core CPU, 1 GB RAM with Adreno 220, Nvidia Tegra 3, ARM Mali 400-MP, PowerVR SGX 543MP, Intel HD Graphics or Vivante GC1000 GPU. Runs at variable resolution based on device capabilities. Performance settings available in app."A stunning and exquisitely realized masterpiece that delivers a gaming experience unlike any that we've seen before" - Game Informer"A wild, beautiful and exceptional action experience" - IGNTouchArcade 5/5 Stars "every bit as awesome now on a mobile device"148apps Editor's Choice 4.5/5 Stars "its a console-quality adventure"Prepare to immerse yourself in 20 + hours of action-adventure.In the dusty, undeveloped wastelands of Western Mudos, cantankerous townsfolk find their settlements besieged by belligerent outlaws. Along comes Stranger, a drifter turned bounty hunter, with a unique double-barreled critter-firing crossbow.Strangers Wrath has been passionately upgraded for this all-new release with all exciting new controls that make the most of the mobile format and improved visuals throughout.Features:* Fully configurable touch-screen controls let you move & re-size individual buttons to suit your play style* Scalable virtual joystick for fine tuning sensitivity of movement * Explore living towns, lush forests, and massive industrial facilities* Seamlessly transition between first-person shooter and third-person platfomer* Scour your surroundings for live ammo* Work with a range of strategies to surprise, stun, lure, blast and bag devious outlaws* Meet incredibly odd, funny and smack-talking townsfolk, enemies and natives* Fight dozens of varied bosses with outlandish arsenals and outrageous names Plus:* Complete "twin-stick" HID gamepad support, including specific control setups for Shield, Moga (HID), XBOX 360, PS3/PS4, and many more* Intuitive touch controls + a redesigned mobile interface make playing & navigating a breeze  * Incredible visuals that harness all the advanced graphics capabilities of today's mobile chipsets* A hilarious script, theatrical soundtrack and compelling storyline with a shocking twist* English, German, Russian, French, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Finish, Swedish, and Polish language support* Leaderboards, Achievements and Cloud Save "A stunning and exquisitely realized masterpiece that delivers a gaming experience unlike any that we've seen before" - Game Informer"A wild, beautiful and exceptional action experience" - IGNTouchArcade 5/5 Stars "every bit as awesome now on a mobile device"148apps Editor's Choice 4.5/5 Stars "its a console-quality adventure"Prepare to immerse yourself in 20 + hours of action-adventure.In the dusty, undeveloped wastelands of Western Mudos, cantankerous townsfolk find their settlements besieged by belligerent outlaws. Along comes Stranger, a drifter turned bounty hunter, with a unique double-barreled critter-firing crossbow.Strangers Wrath has been passionately upgraded for this all-new release with all exciting new controls that make the most of the mobile format and improved visuals throughout.Features:* Fully configurable touch-screen controls let you move & re-size individual buttons to suit your play style* Scalable virtual joystick for fine tuning sensitivity of movement * Explore living towns, lush forests, and massive industrial facilities* Seamlessly transition between first-person shooter and third-person platfomer* Scour your surroundings for live ammo* Work with a range of strategies to surprise, stun, lure, blast and bag devious outlaws* Meet incredibly odd, funny and smack-talking townsfolk, enemies and natives* Fight dozens of varied bosses with outlandish arsenals and outrageous names Plus:* Complete "twin-stick" HID gamepad support, including specific control setups for Shield, Moga (HID), XBOX 360, PS3/PS4, and many more* Intuitive touch controls + a redesigned mobile interface make playing & navigating a breeze  * Incredible visuals that harness all the advanced graphics capabilities of today's mobile chipsets* A hilarious script, theatrical soundtrack and compelling storyline with a shocking twist* English, German, Russian, French, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Finish, Swedish, and Polish language support* Leaderboards, Achievements and Cloud Save "A wild, beautiful and exceptional action experience" - IGNTouchArcade 5/5 Stars "every bit as awesome now on a mobile device"148apps Editor's Choice 4.5/5 Stars "its a console-quality adventure"Prepare to immerse yourself in 20 + hours of action-adventure.In the dusty, undeveloped wastelands of Western Mudos, cantankerous townsfolk find their settlements besieged by belligerent outlaws. Along comes Stranger, a drifter turned bounty hunter, with a unique double-barreled critter-firing crossbow.Strangers Wrath has been passionately upgraded for this all-new release with all exciting new controls that make the most of the mobile format and improved visuals throughout.Features:* Fully configurable touch-screen controls let you move & re-size individual buttons to suit your play style* Scalable virtual joystick for fine tuning sensitivity of movement * Explore living towns, lush forests, and massive industrial facilities* Seamlessly transition between first-person shooter and third-person platfomer* Scour your surroundings for live ammo* Work with a range of strategies to surprise, stun, lure, blast and bag devious outlaws* Meet incredibly odd, funny and smack-talking townsfolk, enemies and natives* Fight dozens of varied bosses with outlandish arsenals and outrageous names Plus:* Complete "twin-stick" HID gamepad support, including specific control setups for Shield, Moga (HID), XBOX 360, PS3/PS4, and many more* Intuitive touch controls + a redesigned mobile interface make playing & navigating a breeze  * Incredible visuals that harness all the advanced graphics capabilities of today's mobile chipsets* A hilarious script, theatrical soundtrack and compelling storyline with a shocking twist* English, German, Russian, French, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Finish, Swedish, and Polish language support* Leaderboards, Achievements and Cloud Save TouchArcade 5/5 Stars "every bit as awesome now on a mobile device"148apps Editor's Choice 4.5/5 Stars "its a console-quality adventure"Prepare to immerse yourself in 20 + hours of action-adventure.In the dusty, undeveloped wastelands of Western Mudos, cantankerous townsfolk find their settlements besieged by belligerent outlaws. Along comes Stranger, a drifter turned bounty hunter, with a unique double-barreled critter-firing crossbow.Strangers Wrath has been passionately upgraded for this all-new release with all exciting new controls that make the most of the mobile format and improved visuals throughout.Features:* Fully configurable touch-screen controls let you move & re-size individual buttons to suit your play style* Scalable virtual joystick for fine tuning sensitivity of movement * Explore living towns, lush forests, and massive industrial facilities* Seamlessly transition between first-person shooter and third-person platfomer* Scour your surroundings for live ammo* Work with a range of strategies to surprise, stun, lure, blast and bag devious outlaws* Meet incredibly odd, funny and smack-talking townsfolk, enemies and natives* Fight dozens of varied bosses with outlandish arsenals and outrageous names Plus:* Complete "twin-stick" HID gamepad support, including specific control setups for Shield, Moga (HID), XBOX 360, PS3/PS4, and many more* Intuitive touch controls + a redesigned mobile interface make playing & navigating a breeze  * Incredible visuals that harness all the advanced graphics capabilities of today's mobile chipsets* A hilarious script, theatrical soundtrack and compelling storyline with a shocking twist* English, German, Russian, French, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Finish, Swedish, and Polish language support* Leaderboards, Achievements and Cloud Save Prepare to immerse yourself in 20 + hours of action-adventure.In the dusty, undeveloped wastelands of Western Mudos, cantankerous townsfolk find their settlements besieged by belligerent outlaws. Along comes Stranger, a drifter turned bounty hunter, with a unique double-barreled critter-firing crossbow.Strangers Wrath has been passionately upgraded for this all-new release with all exciting new controls that make the most of the mobile format and improved visuals throughout.Features:* Fully configurable touch-screen controls let you move & re-size individual buttons to suit your play style* Scalable virtual joystick for fine tuning sensitivity of movement * Explore living towns, lush forests, and massive industrial facilities* Seamlessly transition between first-person shooter and third-person platfomer* Scour your surroundings for live ammo* Work with a range of strategies to surprise, stun, lure, blast and bag devious outlaws* Meet incredibly odd, funny and smack-talking townsfolk, enemies and natives* Fight dozens of varied bosses with outlandish arsenals and outrageous names Plus:* Complete "twin-stick" HID gamepad support, including specific control setups for Shield, Moga (HID), XBOX 360, PS3/PS4, and many more* Intuitive touch controls + a redesigned mobile interface make playing & navigating a breeze  * Incredible visuals that harness all the advanced graphics capabilities of today's mobile chipsets* A hilarious script, theatrical soundtrack and compelling storyline with a shocking twist* English, German, Russian, French, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Finish, Swedish, and Polish language support* Leaderboards, Achievements and Cloud Save In the dusty, undeveloped wastelands of Western Mudos, cantankerous townsfolk find their settlements besieged by belligerent outlaws. Along comes Stranger, a drifter turned bounty hunter, with a unique double-barreled critter-firing crossbow.Strangers Wrath has been passionately upgraded for this all-new release with all exciting new controls that make the most of the mobile format and improved visuals throughout.Features:* Fully configurable touch-screen controls let you move & re-size individual buttons to suit your play style* Scalable virtual joystick for fine tuning sensitivity of movement * Explore living towns, lush forests, and massive industrial facilities* Seamlessly transition between first-person shooter and third-person platfomer* Scour your surroundings for live ammo* Work with a range of strategies to surprise, stun, lure, blast and bag devious outlaws* Meet incredibly odd, funny and smack-talking townsfolk, enemies and natives* Fight dozens of varied bosses with outlandish arsenals and outrageous names Plus:* Complete "twin-stick" HID gamepad support, including specific control setups for Shield, Moga (HID), XBOX 360, PS3/PS4, and many more* Intuitive touch controls + a redesigned mobile interface make playing & navigating a breeze  * Incredible visuals that harness all the advanced graphics capabilities of today's mobile chipsets* A hilarious script, theatrical soundtrack and compelling storyline with a shocking twist* English, German, Russian, French, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Finish, Swedish, and Polish language support* Leaderboards, Achievements and Cloud Save Strangers Wrath has been passionately upgraded for this all-new release with all exciting new controls that make the most of the mobile format and improved visuals throughout.Features:* Fully configurable touch-screen controls let you move & re-size individual buttons to suit your play style* Scalable virtual joystick for fine tuning sensitivity of movement * Explore living towns, lush forests, and massive industrial facilities* Seamlessly transition between first-person shooter and third-person platfomer* Scour your surroundings for live ammo* Work with a range of strategies to surprise, stun, lure, blast and bag devious outlaws* Meet incredibly odd, funny and smack-talking townsfolk, enemies and natives* Fight dozens of varied bosses with outlandish arsenals and outrageous names Plus:* Complete "twin-stick" HID gamepad support, including specific control setups for Shield, Moga (HID), XBOX 360, PS3/PS4, and many more* Intuitive touch controls + a redesigned mobile interface make playing & navigating a breeze  * Incredible visuals that harness all the advanced graphics capabilities of today's mobile chipsets* A hilarious script, theatrical soundtrack and compelling storyline with a shocking twist* English, German, Russian, French, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Finish, Swedish, and Polish language support* Leaderboards, Achievements and Cloud Save Features:* Fully configurable touch-screen controls let you move & re-size individual buttons to suit your play style* Scalable virtual joystick for fine tuning sensitivity of movement * Explore living towns, lush forests, and massive industrial facilities* Seamlessly transition between first-person shooter and third-person platfomer* Scour your surroundings for live ammo* Work with a range of strategies to surprise, stun, lure, blast and bag devious outlaws* Meet incredibly odd, funny and smack-talking townsfolk, enemies and natives* Fight dozens of varied bosses with outlandish arsenals and outrageous names Plus:* Complete "twin-stick" HID gamepad support, including specific control setups for Shield, Moga (HID), XBOX 360, PS3/PS4, and many more* Intuitive touch controls + a redesigned mobile interface make playing & navigating a breeze  * Incredible visuals that harness all the advanced graphics capabilities of today's mobile chipsets* A hilarious script, theatrical soundtrack and compelling storyline with a shocking twist* English, German, Russian, French, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Finish, Swedish, and Polish language support* Leaderboards, Achievements and Cloud Save * Fully configurable touch-screen controls let you move & re-size individual buttons to suit your play style* Scalable virtual joystick for fine tuning sensitivity of movement * Explore living towns, lush forests, and massive industrial facilities* Seamlessly transition between first-person shooter and third-person platfomer* Scour your surroundings for live ammo* Work with a range of strategies to surprise, stun, lure, blast and bag devious outlaws* Meet incredibly odd, funny and smack-talking townsfolk, enemies and natives* Fight dozens of varied bosses with outlandish arsenals and outrageous names Plus:* Complete "twin-stick" HID gamepad support, including specific control setups for Shield, Moga (HID), XBOX 360, PS3/PS4, and many more* Intuitive touch controls + a redesigned mobile interface make playing & navigating a breeze  * Incredible visuals that harness all the advanced graphics capabilities of today's mobile chipsets* A hilarious script, theatrical soundtrack and compelling storyline with a shocking twist* English, German, Russian, French, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Finish, Swedish, and Polish language support* Leaderboards, Achievements and Cloud Save Plus:* Complete "twin-stick" HID gamepad support, including specific control setups for Shield, Moga (HID), XBOX 360, PS3/PS4, and many more* Intuitive touch controls + a redesigned mobile interface make playing & navigating a breeze  * Incredible visuals that harness all the advanced graphics capabilities of today's mobile chipsets* A hilarious script, theatrical soundtrack and compelling storyline with a shocking twist* English, German, Russian, French, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Finish, Swedish, and Polish language support* Leaderboards, Achievements and Cloud Save * Complete "twin-stick" HID gamepad support, including specific control setups for Shield, Moga (HID), XBOX 360, PS3/PS4, and many more* Intuitive touch controls + a redesigned mobile interface make playing & navigating a breeze  * Incredible visuals that harness all the advanced graphics capabilities of today's mobile chipsets* A hilarious script, theatrical soundtrack and compelling storyline with a shocking twist* English, German, Russian, French, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Finish, Swedish, and Polish language support* Leaderboards, Achievements and Cloud Save
Rummy OKEY is a fast paced variant of the original Rummikub. It uses the same set of boards and tiles but has different rules.***** FREE coins everyday.It is a level based, progressive game with a very high re-playability value.***** This game offers you hours of FUN for FREE.Rummy OKEY is a simplified version of the original Okey. Scores are not kept. This version is more like a casino game, like poker or blackjack. Each game is independent of the others and winner of a game takes the money on the table.The object is, by drawing and discarding tiles, to be the first to form a hand that consists entirely of sets of equal numbered tiles, and runs of consecutive tiles of the same color.In order to win a game, all 14 tiles of player must be in a valid run or group. When there is no tile left out of runs and groups, player puts the 15th tile at the center of the table and wins the game.This game is totally free to play. However, users who want to play with higher stakes might choose to purchase additional chips from in-game store.Rules and game play is very simple:- You starts with 15 tiles. You set your 14 tiles by sorting serial or double pers. After sorting your 14 tiles, you move your last tile on middle of the table to finish.- Example of right serial pers: "1-2-3-..." (same colors), "11-12-13-1" (same colors), "5-5-5" (different colors), "7-7-7-7" (different colors) etc.- Example of wrong serial pers: "1-2", "12-13-1-2", "4-5-6"(different colors), "9-9-9" (same colors) etc.- Example of double pers: "1-1", "2-2", "13-13" (all same colors and same numbers) etc.- Indicator Tile: A tile which is opened tile on the middle of table.- Joker Tile: A tile which is one more than the indicator tile value but same color- Okey Tile: Okey tile is a tile which is one more than the indicator tile value but same color. Okey tile can be used instead of any other tiles.Features:* Offline and free-to-play.* Smooth game play.* Increased stakes with increasing player level.* 101 player levels.* 24 different rooms with different backgrounds.* Various avatars to choose from.* Various items.* Strong, but not impossible, AI opponents. ***** FREE coins everyday.It is a level based, progressive game with a very high re-playability value.***** This game offers you hours of FUN for FREE.Rummy OKEY is a simplified version of the original Okey. Scores are not kept. This version is more like a casino game, like poker or blackjack. Each game is independent of the others and winner of a game takes the money on the table.The object is, by drawing and discarding tiles, to be the first to form a hand that consists entirely of sets of equal numbered tiles, and runs of consecutive tiles of the same color.In order to win a game, all 14 tiles of player must be in a valid run or group. When there is no tile left out of runs and groups, player puts the 15th tile at the center of the table and wins the game.This game is totally free to play. However, users who want to play with higher stakes might choose to purchase additional chips from in-game store.Rules and game play is very simple:- You starts with 15 tiles. You set your 14 tiles by sorting serial or double pers. After sorting your 14 tiles, you move your last tile on middle of the table to finish.- Example of right serial pers: "1-2-3-..." (same colors), "11-12-13-1" (same colors), "5-5-5" (different colors), "7-7-7-7" (different colors) etc.- Example of wrong serial pers: "1-2", "12-13-1-2", "4-5-6"(different colors), "9-9-9" (same colors) etc.- Example of double pers: "1-1", "2-2", "13-13" (all same colors and same numbers) etc.- Indicator Tile: A tile which is opened tile on the middle of table.- Joker Tile: A tile which is one more than the indicator tile value but same color- Okey Tile: Okey tile is a tile which is one more than the indicator tile value but same color. Okey tile can be used instead of any other tiles.Features:* Offline and free-to-play.* Smooth game play.* Increased stakes with increasing player level.* 101 player levels.* 24 different rooms with different backgrounds.* Various avatars to choose from.* Various items.* Strong, but not impossible, AI opponents. It is a level based, progressive game with a very high re-playability value.***** This game offers you hours of FUN for FREE.Rummy OKEY is a simplified version of the original Okey. Scores are not kept. This version is more like a casino game, like poker or blackjack. Each game is independent of the others and winner of a game takes the money on the table.The object is, by drawing and discarding tiles, to be the first to form a hand that consists entirely of sets of equal numbered tiles, and runs of consecutive tiles of the same color.In order to win a game, all 14 tiles of player must be in a valid run or group. When there is no tile left out of runs and groups, player puts the 15th tile at the center of the table and wins the game.This game is totally free to play. However, users who want to play with higher stakes might choose to purchase additional chips from in-game store.Rules and game play is very simple:- You starts with 15 tiles. You set your 14 tiles by sorting serial or double pers. After sorting your 14 tiles, you move your last tile on middle of the table to finish.- Example of right serial pers: "1-2-3-..." (same colors), "11-12-13-1" (same colors), "5-5-5" (different colors), "7-7-7-7" (different colors) etc.- Example of wrong serial pers: "1-2", "12-13-1-2", "4-5-6"(different colors), "9-9-9" (same colors) etc.- Example of double pers: "1-1", "2-2", "13-13" (all same colors and same numbers) etc.- Indicator Tile: A tile which is opened tile on the middle of table.- Joker Tile: A tile which is one more than the indicator tile value but same color- Okey Tile: Okey tile is a tile which is one more than the indicator tile value but same color. Okey tile can be used instead of any other tiles.Features:* Offline and free-to-play.* Smooth game play.* Increased stakes with increasing player level.* 101 player levels.* 24 different rooms with different backgrounds.* Various avatars to choose from.* Various items.* Strong, but not impossible, AI opponents. ***** This game offers you hours of FUN for FREE.Rummy OKEY is a simplified version of the original Okey. Scores are not kept. This version is more like a casino game, like poker or blackjack. Each game is independent of the others and winner of a game takes the money on the table.The object is, by drawing and discarding tiles, to be the first to form a hand that consists entirely of sets of equal numbered tiles, and runs of consecutive tiles of the same color.In order to win a game, all 14 tiles of player must be in a valid run or group. When there is no tile left out of runs and groups, player puts the 15th tile at the center of the table and wins the game.This game is totally free to play. However, users who want to play with higher stakes might choose to purchase additional chips from in-game store.Rules and game play is very simple:- You starts with 15 tiles. You set your 14 tiles by sorting serial or double pers. After sorting your 14 tiles, you move your last tile on middle of the table to finish.- Example of right serial pers: "1-2-3-..." (same colors), "11-12-13-1" (same colors), "5-5-5" (different colors), "7-7-7-7" (different colors) etc.- Example of wrong serial pers: "1-2", "12-13-1-2", "4-5-6"(different colors), "9-9-9" (same colors) etc.- Example of double pers: "1-1", "2-2", "13-13" (all same colors and same numbers) etc.- Indicator Tile: A tile which is opened tile on the middle of table.- Joker Tile: A tile which is one more than the indicator tile value but same color- Okey Tile: Okey tile is a tile which is one more than the indicator tile value but same color. Okey tile can be used instead of any other tiles.Features:* Offline and free-to-play.* Smooth game play.* Increased stakes with increasing player level.* 101 player levels.* 24 different rooms with different backgrounds.* Various avatars to choose from.* Various items.* Strong, but not impossible, AI opponents. Rummy OKEY is a simplified version of the original Okey. Scores are not kept. This version is more like a casino game, like poker or blackjack. Each game is independent of the others and winner of a game takes the money on the table.The object is, by drawing and discarding tiles, to be the first to form a hand that consists entirely of sets of equal numbered tiles, and runs of consecutive tiles of the same color.In order to win a game, all 14 tiles of player must be in a valid run or group. When there is no tile left out of runs and groups, player puts the 15th tile at the center of the table and wins the game.This game is totally free to play. However, users who want to play with higher stakes might choose to purchase additional chips from in-game store.Rules and game play is very simple:- You starts with 15 tiles. You set your 14 tiles by sorting serial or double pers. After sorting your 14 tiles, you move your last tile on middle of the table to finish.- Example of right serial pers: "1-2-3-..." (same colors), "11-12-13-1" (same colors), "5-5-5" (different colors), "7-7-7-7" (different colors) etc.- Example of wrong serial pers: "1-2", "12-13-1-2", "4-5-6"(different colors), "9-9-9" (same colors) etc.- Example of double pers: "1-1", "2-2", "13-13" (all same colors and same numbers) etc.- Indicator Tile: A tile which is opened tile on the middle of table.- Joker Tile: A tile which is one more than the indicator tile value but same color- Okey Tile: Okey tile is a tile which is one more than the indicator tile value but same color. Okey tile can be used instead of any other tiles.Features:* Offline and free-to-play.* Smooth game play.* Increased stakes with increasing player level.* 101 player levels.* 24 different rooms with different backgrounds.* Various avatars to choose from.* Various items.* Strong, but not impossible, AI opponents. The object is, by drawing and discarding tiles, to be the first to form a hand that consists entirely of sets of equal numbered tiles, and runs of consecutive tiles of the same color.In order to win a game, all 14 tiles of player must be in a valid run or group. When there is no tile left out of runs and groups, player puts the 15th tile at the center of the table and wins the game.This game is totally free to play. However, users who want to play with higher stakes might choose to purchase additional chips from in-game store.Rules and game play is very simple:- You starts with 15 tiles. You set your 14 tiles by sorting serial or double pers. After sorting your 14 tiles, you move your last tile on middle of the table to finish.- Example of right serial pers: "1-2-3-..." (same colors), "11-12-13-1" (same colors), "5-5-5" (different colors), "7-7-7-7" (different colors) etc.- Example of wrong serial pers: "1-2", "12-13-1-2", "4-5-6"(different colors), "9-9-9" (same colors) etc.- Example of double pers: "1-1", "2-2", "13-13" (all same colors and same numbers) etc.- Indicator Tile: A tile which is opened tile on the middle of table.- Joker Tile: A tile which is one more than the indicator tile value but same color- Okey Tile: Okey tile is a tile which is one more than the indicator tile value but same color. Okey tile can be used instead of any other tiles.Features:* Offline and free-to-play.* Smooth game play.* Increased stakes with increasing player level.* 101 player levels.* 24 different rooms with different backgrounds.* Various avatars to choose from.* Various items.* Strong, but not impossible, AI opponents. In order to win a game, all 14 tiles of player must be in a valid run or group. When there is no tile left out of runs and groups, player puts the 15th tile at the center of the table and wins the game.This game is totally free to play. However, users who want to play with higher stakes might choose to purchase additional chips from in-game store.Rules and game play is very simple:- You starts with 15 tiles. You set your 14 tiles by sorting serial or double pers. After sorting your 14 tiles, you move your last tile on middle of the table to finish.- Example of right serial pers: "1-2-3-..." (same colors), "11-12-13-1" (same colors), "5-5-5" (different colors), "7-7-7-7" (different colors) etc.- Example of wrong serial pers: "1-2", "12-13-1-2", "4-5-6"(different colors), "9-9-9" (same colors) etc.- Example of double pers: "1-1", "2-2", "13-13" (all same colors and same numbers) etc.- Indicator Tile: A tile which is opened tile on the middle of table.- Joker Tile: A tile which is one more than the indicator tile value but same color- Okey Tile: Okey tile is a tile which is one more than the indicator tile value but same color. Okey tile can be used instead of any other tiles.Features:* Offline and free-to-play.* Smooth game play.* Increased stakes with increasing player level.* 101 player levels.* 24 different rooms with different backgrounds.* Various avatars to choose from.* Various items.* Strong, but not impossible, AI opponents. This game is totally free to play. However, users who want to play with higher stakes might choose to purchase additional chips from in-game store.Rules and game play is very simple:- You starts with 15 tiles. You set your 14 tiles by sorting serial or double pers. After sorting your 14 tiles, you move your last tile on middle of the table to finish.- Example of right serial pers: "1-2-3-..." (same colors), "11-12-13-1" (same colors), "5-5-5" (different colors), "7-7-7-7" (different colors) etc.- Example of wrong serial pers: "1-2", "12-13-1-2", "4-5-6"(different colors), "9-9-9" (same colors) etc.- Example of double pers: "1-1", "2-2", "13-13" (all same colors and same numbers) etc.- Indicator Tile: A tile which is opened tile on the middle of table.- Joker Tile: A tile which is one more than the indicator tile value but same color- Okey Tile: Okey tile is a tile which is one more than the indicator tile value but same color. Okey tile can be used instead of any other tiles.Features:* Offline and free-to-play.* Smooth game play.* Increased stakes with increasing player level.* 101 player levels.* 24 different rooms with different backgrounds.* Various avatars to choose from.* Various items.* Strong, but not impossible, AI opponents. Rules and game play is very simple:- You starts with 15 tiles. You set your 14 tiles by sorting serial or double pers. After sorting your 14 tiles, you move your last tile on middle of the table to finish.- Example of right serial pers: "1-2-3-..." (same colors), "11-12-13-1" (same colors), "5-5-5" (different colors), "7-7-7-7" (different colors) etc.- Example of wrong serial pers: "1-2", "12-13-1-2", "4-5-6"(different colors), "9-9-9" (same colors) etc.- Example of double pers: "1-1", "2-2", "13-13" (all same colors and same numbers) etc.- Indicator Tile: A tile which is opened tile on the middle of table.- Joker Tile: A tile which is one more than the indicator tile value but same color- Okey Tile: Okey tile is a tile which is one more than the indicator tile value but same color. Okey tile can be used instead of any other tiles.Features:* Offline and free-to-play.* Smooth game play.* Increased stakes with increasing player level.* 101 player levels.* 24 different rooms with different backgrounds.* Various avatars to choose from.* Various items.* Strong, but not impossible, AI opponents. Features:* Offline and free-to-play.* Smooth game play.* Increased stakes with increasing player level.* 101 player levels.* 24 different rooms with different backgrounds.* Various avatars to choose from.* Various items.* Strong, but not impossible, AI opponents.
Disturbances in people's emotions create "evil energy,"which in turn leads to highly unusual events that defy logic and reason.Spirit agents are the only ones who can resolve these situations.They have been working behind the scenes throughout history, and continue to do so in the present.Spirit agents partner with entities called "spirits," who have their own independent will...*What the heck kind of spirits are these?You'll never see certain gods, legendary weapons, folklore or famous peoplein the same light after meeting the lovable spiritsthat they inspired!The prototypical "psycho girlfriend" Kiyo turns into a dragon, while Titania, the Queen of Fairies, goes to Shibuya in pursuit of the latest trends... They and others   come together for a fantastic story like none other! Voice acting by Haruka Tomatsu, Yoshitsugu Matsuoka, Hiro Shimono and Yu Kobayashi makes the adventure even more exciting!*These spirits will have you coming back for more!Popular IllustratorsHihara You, Kiya Machi, *zoff, Miyoshino, ATARU, Kenichi Iwamoto and others provide the cute, cool and sometimes even slightly sexy character designs!Combat uses 3D models to make everything a little more cute! Who would've thought such cute spirits could be any cuter? Even handsome, manly spirits look cute! And they all come together for totally wild and crazy battles! Choose your favorite spirits and jump in! *What the heck kind of spirits are these?You'll never see certain gods, legendary weapons, folklore or famous peoplein the same light after meeting the lovable spiritsthat they inspired!The prototypical "psycho girlfriend" Kiyo turns into a dragon, while Titania, the Queen of Fairies, goes to Shibuya in pursuit of the latest trends... They and others   come together for a fantastic story like none other! Voice acting by Haruka Tomatsu, Yoshitsugu Matsuoka, Hiro Shimono and Yu Kobayashi makes the adventure even more exciting!*These spirits will have you coming back for more!Popular IllustratorsHihara You, Kiya Machi, *zoff, Miyoshino, ATARU, Kenichi Iwamoto and others provide the cute, cool and sometimes even slightly sexy character designs!Combat uses 3D models to make everything a little more cute! Who would've thought such cute spirits could be any cuter? Even handsome, manly spirits look cute! And they all come together for totally wild and crazy battles! Choose your favorite spirits and jump in! The prototypical "psycho girlfriend" Kiyo turns into a dragon, while Titania, the Queen of Fairies, goes to Shibuya in pursuit of the latest trends... They and others   come together for a fantastic story like none other! Voice acting by Haruka Tomatsu, Yoshitsugu Matsuoka, Hiro Shimono and Yu Kobayashi makes the adventure even more exciting!*These spirits will have you coming back for more!Popular IllustratorsHihara You, Kiya Machi, *zoff, Miyoshino, ATARU, Kenichi Iwamoto and others provide the cute, cool and sometimes even slightly sexy character designs!Combat uses 3D models to make everything a little more cute! Who would've thought such cute spirits could be any cuter? Even handsome, manly spirits look cute! And they all come together for totally wild and crazy battles! Choose your favorite spirits and jump in! *These spirits will have you coming back for more!Popular IllustratorsHihara You, Kiya Machi, *zoff, Miyoshino, ATARU, Kenichi Iwamoto and others provide the cute, cool and sometimes even slightly sexy character designs!Combat uses 3D models to make everything a little more cute! Who would've thought such cute spirits could be any cuter? Even handsome, manly spirits look cute! And they all come together for totally wild and crazy battles! Choose your favorite spirits and jump in! Combat uses 3D models to make everything a little more cute! Who would've thought such cute spirits could be any cuter? Even handsome, manly spirits look cute! And they all come together for totally wild and crazy battles! Choose your favorite spirits and jump in!
Play with all your cool friends in the best college game ever. Join a club and find a party, or just chill and chat with cool girls and boys. You can be whoever you want as long as you like to have fun! Collect gifts and get 100s of different avatars! You can get a hipster, a surfer, a girl, a boy, and many more!Upgrade your dorm and get new roommates. Every dance off, every hipster prank, every fight gets you closer to being the most cool and popular person in college. You can even start a relationship and find a boyfriend or girlfriend. FEATURES:  Rent out dorm rooms and add to your crew. Challenge other students to dance offs and hipster pranks. Prank, fight and eavesdrop on other students! Choose from a variety of avatars like Bro, Club Girl and Hipster. Join forces with others to form cool clubs and participate in club wars and parties! Chat with your club, campus chat, messaging chat and forum. Send hilarious gifts to other players. Start a relationship with your online soulmate! Find a great boyfriend or girlfriend!Are You Ready for College?PLEASE NOTE: This is an ONLINE game only! Tablet users must be connected to WiFi in order to play. Collect gifts and get 100s of different avatars! You can get a hipster, a surfer, a girl, a boy, and many more!Upgrade your dorm and get new roommates. Every dance off, every hipster prank, every fight gets you closer to being the most cool and popular person in college. You can even start a relationship and find a boyfriend or girlfriend. FEATURES:  Rent out dorm rooms and add to your crew. Challenge other students to dance offs and hipster pranks. Prank, fight and eavesdrop on other students! Choose from a variety of avatars like Bro, Club Girl and Hipster. Join forces with others to form cool clubs and participate in club wars and parties! Chat with your club, campus chat, messaging chat and forum. Send hilarious gifts to other players. Start a relationship with your online soulmate! Find a great boyfriend or girlfriend!Are You Ready for College?PLEASE NOTE: This is an ONLINE game only! Tablet users must be connected to WiFi in order to play. Upgrade your dorm and get new roommates. Every dance off, every hipster prank, every fight gets you closer to being the most cool and popular person in college. You can even start a relationship and find a boyfriend or girlfriend. FEATURES:  Rent out dorm rooms and add to your crew. Challenge other students to dance offs and hipster pranks. Prank, fight and eavesdrop on other students! Choose from a variety of avatars like Bro, Club Girl and Hipster. Join forces with others to form cool clubs and participate in club wars and parties! Chat with your club, campus chat, messaging chat and forum. Send hilarious gifts to other players. Start a relationship with your online soulmate! Find a great boyfriend or girlfriend!Are You Ready for College?PLEASE NOTE: This is an ONLINE game only! Tablet users must be connected to WiFi in order to play. FEATURES:  Rent out dorm rooms and add to your crew. Challenge other students to dance offs and hipster pranks. Prank, fight and eavesdrop on other students! Choose from a variety of avatars like Bro, Club Girl and Hipster. Join forces with others to form cool clubs and participate in club wars and parties! Chat with your club, campus chat, messaging chat and forum. Send hilarious gifts to other players. Start a relationship with your online soulmate! Find a great boyfriend or girlfriend!Are You Ready for College?PLEASE NOTE: This is an ONLINE game only! Tablet users must be connected to WiFi in order to play. Are You Ready for College?PLEASE NOTE: This is an ONLINE game only! Tablet users must be connected to WiFi in order to play. PLEASE NOTE: This is an ONLINE game only! Tablet users must be connected to WiFi in order to play.
Feeling lucky? Then grab your friends, give the wheel a spin, guess the phrase, and win your fortune! Play with friends, or try your luck spinning with players from across the globe. Phrase Wheel is a fun word game that's easy to pick up, hard to master, and impossible to put down!Spin the wheel to see what you're playing for, and if you're lucky, guess a letter to reveal words from the hidden phrase. When you know it, solve the phrase to win the game and earn your fortune!- Thousands of phrases over 70 fun categories to spin to with your friends.- Get lucky and make a fortune spinning big bucks on the wheel, but make sure to solve the phrase to avoid bankruptcy and stop your friend from guessing more words!- Start a game with family and friends easily via Facebook. Spin the Phrase Wheel with friends for twice the fun!- If you're feeling lucky, try a Boost and triple your winnings, or reveal letters in the phrase and turn your fortune around and get back in the game!- Fortune favoured your opponent? Challenge them to a rematch to continue the feud.----------Use of Phrase Wheel is subject to Pocket Play's Terms of Service, and Privacy Policy, which can be accessed via the links provided, and also on our website: www.pocketplayapps.comGrab the game for free, give the Phrase Wheel a spin and win your fortune! Spin the wheel to see what you're playing for, and if you're lucky, guess a letter to reveal words from the hidden phrase. When you know it, solve the phrase to win the game and earn your fortune!- Thousands of phrases over 70 fun categories to spin to with your friends.- Get lucky and make a fortune spinning big bucks on the wheel, but make sure to solve the phrase to avoid bankruptcy and stop your friend from guessing more words!- Start a game with family and friends easily via Facebook. Spin the Phrase Wheel with friends for twice the fun!- If you're feeling lucky, try a Boost and triple your winnings, or reveal letters in the phrase and turn your fortune around and get back in the game!- Fortune favoured your opponent? Challenge them to a rematch to continue the feud.----------Use of Phrase Wheel is subject to Pocket Play's Terms of Service, and Privacy Policy, which can be accessed via the links provided, and also on our website: www.pocketplayapps.comGrab the game for free, give the Phrase Wheel a spin and win your fortune! - Thousands of phrases over 70 fun categories to spin to with your friends.- Get lucky and make a fortune spinning big bucks on the wheel, but make sure to solve the phrase to avoid bankruptcy and stop your friend from guessing more words!- Start a game with family and friends easily via Facebook. Spin the Phrase Wheel with friends for twice the fun!- If you're feeling lucky, try a Boost and triple your winnings, or reveal letters in the phrase and turn your fortune around and get back in the game!- Fortune favoured your opponent? Challenge them to a rematch to continue the feud.----------Use of Phrase Wheel is subject to Pocket Play's Terms of Service, and Privacy Policy, which can be accessed via the links provided, and also on our website: www.pocketplayapps.comGrab the game for free, give the Phrase Wheel a spin and win your fortune! ----------Use of Phrase Wheel is subject to Pocket Play's Terms of Service, and Privacy Policy, which can be accessed via the links provided, and also on our website: www.pocketplayapps.comGrab the game for free, give the Phrase Wheel a spin and win your fortune! Use of Phrase Wheel is subject to Pocket Play's Terms of Service, and Privacy Policy, which can be accessed via the links provided, and also on our website: www.pocketplayapps.comGrab the game for free, give the Phrase Wheel a spin and win your fortune! Grab the game for free, give the Phrase Wheel a spin and win your fortune!
You are a young corsair, your aim is to become a pirate. To make your dream come true, you must find real treasures using old maps.The game consists of different episodes. In each episode you have a treasure map. Follow it to the end and you will find the pirate's treasure.The principle of this game is "three in a row", which means you have to switch two elements next to each other in order to get 3 or more similar gems in a row. At each level, you have a specific list of goals that need to be completed.If you have any difficulties passing a level you can use coins to buy a helpful bonus. The coins are also used to restore lives and buy rum for the sailors in order to open new episodes.Collect treasures, compete with your friends and become a real pirate!
Ahoy Captain! We're ready to set sail! As a pirate captain build fortresses, fight others and capture their lands. In Pirates War there are plenty ways to become a winner!You can focus on offense to bankrupt your adversaries, or use a more defensive strategy and strengthen your fortresses against an enemy's invasion.With quick maneuvering you'll be able to create monopolies to win.Create your own pirate crew and see they become stronger as you achieve victory.NOTE:Pirates War - The Dice King is free to download and play, however, it contains in-game purchases. Also, a network connection is required to play. FEATURES- Battle players around the world in real-time- Collect captains, ships and pirates to build your own pirate crew- Upgrade your captains, ships and pirates to strengthen your pirate crew- Different crew combinations provide you with different skills to use on the board- Experiment with different decks for different play styles- Experience each captain's stories through the single player mode- Play casually with people around the world, or try out the ranked mode for a bigger challenge- Play online with your friends. Don't have any friends? You can make new ones in the gameAre you having problems? Have any suggestions? Contact our Customer Service at support.idiocracygames.comTo keep up with the latest news, visit our media channels below.Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/thedicekingTwitter : https://www.twitter.com/thedicekingHomepage: http://www.idiocracygames.comOur Terms of Use and Privacy Policy can be found below. Terms of Use :  http://idiocracygames.com/terms-of-service/Privacy Policy : http://idiocracygames.com/privacy-policy/ As a pirate captain build fortresses, fight others and capture their lands. In Pirates War there are plenty ways to become a winner!You can focus on offense to bankrupt your adversaries, or use a more defensive strategy and strengthen your fortresses against an enemy's invasion.With quick maneuvering you'll be able to create monopolies to win.Create your own pirate crew and see they become stronger as you achieve victory.NOTE:Pirates War - The Dice King is free to download and play, however, it contains in-game purchases. Also, a network connection is required to play. FEATURES- Battle players around the world in real-time- Collect captains, ships and pirates to build your own pirate crew- Upgrade your captains, ships and pirates to strengthen your pirate crew- Different crew combinations provide you with different skills to use on the board- Experiment with different decks for different play styles- Experience each captain's stories through the single player mode- Play casually with people around the world, or try out the ranked mode for a bigger challenge- Play online with your friends. Don't have any friends? You can make new ones in the gameAre you having problems? Have any suggestions? Contact our Customer Service at support.idiocracygames.comTo keep up with the latest news, visit our media channels below.Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/thedicekingTwitter : https://www.twitter.com/thedicekingHomepage: http://www.idiocracygames.comOur Terms of Use and Privacy Policy can be found below. Terms of Use :  http://idiocracygames.com/terms-of-service/Privacy Policy : http://idiocracygames.com/privacy-policy/ NOTE:Pirates War - The Dice King is free to download and play, however, it contains in-game purchases. Also, a network connection is required to play. FEATURES- Battle players around the world in real-time- Collect captains, ships and pirates to build your own pirate crew- Upgrade your captains, ships and pirates to strengthen your pirate crew- Different crew combinations provide you with different skills to use on the board- Experiment with different decks for different play styles- Experience each captain's stories through the single player mode- Play casually with people around the world, or try out the ranked mode for a bigger challenge- Play online with your friends. Don't have any friends? You can make new ones in the gameAre you having problems? Have any suggestions? Contact our Customer Service at support.idiocracygames.comTo keep up with the latest news, visit our media channels below.Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/thedicekingTwitter : https://www.twitter.com/thedicekingHomepage: http://www.idiocracygames.comOur Terms of Use and Privacy Policy can be found below. Terms of Use :  http://idiocracygames.com/terms-of-service/Privacy Policy : http://idiocracygames.com/privacy-policy/ Pirates War - The Dice King is free to download and play, however, it contains in-game purchases. Also, a network connection is required to play. FEATURES- Battle players around the world in real-time- Collect captains, ships and pirates to build your own pirate crew- Upgrade your captains, ships and pirates to strengthen your pirate crew- Different crew combinations provide you with different skills to use on the board- Experiment with different decks for different play styles- Experience each captain's stories through the single player mode- Play casually with people around the world, or try out the ranked mode for a bigger challenge- Play online with your friends. Don't have any friends? You can make new ones in the gameAre you having problems? Have any suggestions? Contact our Customer Service at support.idiocracygames.comTo keep up with the latest news, visit our media channels below.Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/thedicekingTwitter : https://www.twitter.com/thedicekingHomepage: http://www.idiocracygames.comOur Terms of Use and Privacy Policy can be found below. Terms of Use :  http://idiocracygames.com/terms-of-service/Privacy Policy : http://idiocracygames.com/privacy-policy/ FEATURES- Battle players around the world in real-time- Collect captains, ships and pirates to build your own pirate crew- Upgrade your captains, ships and pirates to strengthen your pirate crew- Different crew combinations provide you with different skills to use on the board- Experiment with different decks for different play styles- Experience each captain's stories through the single player mode- Play casually with people around the world, or try out the ranked mode for a bigger challenge- Play online with your friends. Don't have any friends? You can make new ones in the gameAre you having problems? Have any suggestions? Contact our Customer Service at support.idiocracygames.comTo keep up with the latest news, visit our media channels below.Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/thedicekingTwitter : https://www.twitter.com/thedicekingHomepage: http://www.idiocracygames.comOur Terms of Use and Privacy Policy can be found below. Terms of Use :  http://idiocracygames.com/terms-of-service/Privacy Policy : http://idiocracygames.com/privacy-policy/ Are you having problems? Have any suggestions? Contact our Customer Service at support.idiocracygames.comTo keep up with the latest news, visit our media channels below.Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/thedicekingTwitter : https://www.twitter.com/thedicekingHomepage: http://www.idiocracygames.comOur Terms of Use and Privacy Policy can be found below. Terms of Use :  http://idiocracygames.com/terms-of-service/Privacy Policy : http://idiocracygames.com/privacy-policy/ To keep up with the latest news, visit our media channels below.Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/thedicekingTwitter : https://www.twitter.com/thedicekingHomepage: http://www.idiocracygames.comOur Terms of Use and Privacy Policy can be found below. Terms of Use :  http://idiocracygames.com/terms-of-service/Privacy Policy : http://idiocracygames.com/privacy-policy/ Our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy can be found below. Terms of Use :  http://idiocracygames.com/terms-of-service/Privacy Policy : http://idiocracygames.com/privacy-policy/
Conquer the seven seas with nothing but your wits  and a huge army of pirates.Plunder Pirates is a FREE strategy RPG adventure on the high seas. Build the ULTIMATE plan to stuff your stores with gold and foil the plans of oncoming attackers  all in REAL-TIME and the BEST looking graphics.Up for a fight? Its going to take masterful strategy, tons of manpower, and plenty of grog to protect your island from the attacking hordes of swashbuckling pirates. Create the perfect island headquarters, recruit a fearsome crew of pirate captains, and go to war with other players around the world to become the saltiest dog in the seven seas!Awards:Best New Games IP (Mobile)  Develop Awards 2015Best Debut Game  TIGA Games Industry Awards 2015"A superbly constructed strategy management game. - PocketGamerTheres plenty of action, fun and glitz here, as youd expect from the makers of Angry Birds. - ForbesFeatures: BUILD an epic 3D pirate island fortified impenetrable defenses and plenty of firepower. SEE your island from every angle in killer 3D graphics. STORM other players islands in real time and plunder their booty! RECRUIT a crew from 10 different classes of seafaring scoundrels  each with unique skills. UPGRADE everything! Sail farther, get stronger, do more damage, protect your gold. JOIN a Pirate Guild with your friends for Guild perks. Plan your exploits in guild chat. EXPLORE uncharted waters in your mighty pirate ship. FIGHT naval battles with gruesome sea monsters and enemy ships. COLLECT Legendary Pirates - The most notorious plunderers ever known!Latest Update: Legendary Pirates! NEW Legendary Pirates!  Recruit these 12 powerful pirates to provide support for your other pirates in battle and even buff your defenses! NEW Treasure Chests!  Ranked from common to legendary, any one of these chests will contain some sweet booty. NEW Rumble Leaderboard!  See how your plunderin skills stack up with the rest of the world.Join the Plunder Pirates community online!Forumshttp://forum.plunderpirates.comFacebookhttp://facebook.com/plunderpiratesTwitterhttp://twitter.com/plunderpiratesSupporthttp://rov.io/support*Note: A network connection is required to play.---Terms of Use: http://www.rovio.com/eulaPrivacy Policy: http://www.rovio.com/privacyThis game may include:- Direct links to social networking websites that are intended for an audience over the age of 13.- Direct links to the internet that can take players away from the game with the potential to browse any web page.- Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.- The option to make in-app purchases. The bill payer should always be consulted beforehand. Plunder Pirates is a FREE strategy RPG adventure on the high seas. Build the ULTIMATE plan to stuff your stores with gold and foil the plans of oncoming attackers  all in REAL-TIME and the BEST looking graphics.Up for a fight? Its going to take masterful strategy, tons of manpower, and plenty of grog to protect your island from the attacking hordes of swashbuckling pirates. Create the perfect island headquarters, recruit a fearsome crew of pirate captains, and go to war with other players around the world to become the saltiest dog in the seven seas!Awards:Best New Games IP (Mobile)  Develop Awards 2015Best Debut Game  TIGA Games Industry Awards 2015"A superbly constructed strategy management game. - PocketGamerTheres plenty of action, fun and glitz here, as youd expect from the makers of Angry Birds. - ForbesFeatures: BUILD an epic 3D pirate island fortified impenetrable defenses and plenty of firepower. SEE your island from every angle in killer 3D graphics. STORM other players islands in real time and plunder their booty! RECRUIT a crew from 10 different classes of seafaring scoundrels  each with unique skills. UPGRADE everything! Sail farther, get stronger, do more damage, protect your gold. JOIN a Pirate Guild with your friends for Guild perks. Plan your exploits in guild chat. EXPLORE uncharted waters in your mighty pirate ship. FIGHT naval battles with gruesome sea monsters and enemy ships. COLLECT Legendary Pirates - The most notorious plunderers ever known!Latest Update: Legendary Pirates! NEW Legendary Pirates!  Recruit these 12 powerful pirates to provide support for your other pirates in battle and even buff your defenses! NEW Treasure Chests!  Ranked from common to legendary, any one of these chests will contain some sweet booty. NEW Rumble Leaderboard!  See how your plunderin skills stack up with the rest of the world.Join the Plunder Pirates community online!Forumshttp://forum.plunderpirates.comFacebookhttp://facebook.com/plunderpiratesTwitterhttp://twitter.com/plunderpiratesSupporthttp://rov.io/support*Note: A network connection is required to play.---Terms of Use: http://www.rovio.com/eulaPrivacy Policy: http://www.rovio.com/privacyThis game may include:- Direct links to social networking websites that are intended for an audience over the age of 13.- Direct links to the internet that can take players away from the game with the potential to browse any web page.- Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.- The option to make in-app purchases. The bill payer should always be consulted beforehand. Up for a fight? Its going to take masterful strategy, tons of manpower, and plenty of grog to protect your island from the attacking hordes of swashbuckling pirates. Create the perfect island headquarters, recruit a fearsome crew of pirate captains, and go to war with other players around the world to become the saltiest dog in the seven seas!Awards:Best New Games IP (Mobile)  Develop Awards 2015Best Debut Game  TIGA Games Industry Awards 2015"A superbly constructed strategy management game. - PocketGamerTheres plenty of action, fun and glitz here, as youd expect from the makers of Angry Birds. - ForbesFeatures: BUILD an epic 3D pirate island fortified impenetrable defenses and plenty of firepower. SEE your island from every angle in killer 3D graphics. STORM other players islands in real time and plunder their booty! RECRUIT a crew from 10 different classes of seafaring scoundrels  each with unique skills. UPGRADE everything! Sail farther, get stronger, do more damage, protect your gold. JOIN a Pirate Guild with your friends for Guild perks. Plan your exploits in guild chat. EXPLORE uncharted waters in your mighty pirate ship. FIGHT naval battles with gruesome sea monsters and enemy ships. COLLECT Legendary Pirates - The most notorious plunderers ever known!Latest Update: Legendary Pirates! NEW Legendary Pirates!  Recruit these 12 powerful pirates to provide support for your other pirates in battle and even buff your defenses! NEW Treasure Chests!  Ranked from common to legendary, any one of these chests will contain some sweet booty. NEW Rumble Leaderboard!  See how your plunderin skills stack up with the rest of the world.Join the Plunder Pirates community online!Forumshttp://forum.plunderpirates.comFacebookhttp://facebook.com/plunderpiratesTwitterhttp://twitter.com/plunderpiratesSupporthttp://rov.io/support*Note: A network connection is required to play.---Terms of Use: http://www.rovio.com/eulaPrivacy Policy: http://www.rovio.com/privacyThis game may include:- Direct links to social networking websites that are intended for an audience over the age of 13.- Direct links to the internet that can take players away from the game with the potential to browse any web page.- Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.- The option to make in-app purchases. The bill payer should always be consulted beforehand. Awards:Best New Games IP (Mobile)  Develop Awards 2015Best Debut Game  TIGA Games Industry Awards 2015"A superbly constructed strategy management game. - PocketGamerTheres plenty of action, fun and glitz here, as youd expect from the makers of Angry Birds. - ForbesFeatures: BUILD an epic 3D pirate island fortified impenetrable defenses and plenty of firepower. SEE your island from every angle in killer 3D graphics. STORM other players islands in real time and plunder their booty! RECRUIT a crew from 10 different classes of seafaring scoundrels  each with unique skills. UPGRADE everything! Sail farther, get stronger, do more damage, protect your gold. JOIN a Pirate Guild with your friends for Guild perks. Plan your exploits in guild chat. EXPLORE uncharted waters in your mighty pirate ship. FIGHT naval battles with gruesome sea monsters and enemy ships. COLLECT Legendary Pirates - The most notorious plunderers ever known!Latest Update: Legendary Pirates! NEW Legendary Pirates!  Recruit these 12 powerful pirates to provide support for your other pirates in battle and even buff your defenses! NEW Treasure Chests!  Ranked from common to legendary, any one of these chests will contain some sweet booty. NEW Rumble Leaderboard!  See how your plunderin skills stack up with the rest of the world.Join the Plunder Pirates community online!Forumshttp://forum.plunderpirates.comFacebookhttp://facebook.com/plunderpiratesTwitterhttp://twitter.com/plunderpiratesSupporthttp://rov.io/support*Note: A network connection is required to play.---Terms of Use: http://www.rovio.com/eulaPrivacy Policy: http://www.rovio.com/privacyThis game may include:- Direct links to social networking websites that are intended for an audience over the age of 13.- Direct links to the internet that can take players away from the game with the potential to browse any web page.- Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.- The option to make in-app purchases. The bill payer should always be consulted beforehand. Awards:Best New Games IP (Mobile)  Develop Awards 2015Best Debut Game  TIGA Games Industry Awards 2015"A superbly constructed strategy management game. - PocketGamerTheres plenty of action, fun and glitz here, as youd expect from the makers of Angry Birds. - ForbesFeatures: BUILD an epic 3D pirate island fortified impenetrable defenses and plenty of firepower. SEE your island from every angle in killer 3D graphics. STORM other players islands in real time and plunder their booty! RECRUIT a crew from 10 different classes of seafaring scoundrels  each with unique skills. UPGRADE everything! Sail farther, get stronger, do more damage, protect your gold. JOIN a Pirate Guild with your friends for Guild perks. Plan your exploits in guild chat. EXPLORE uncharted waters in your mighty pirate ship. FIGHT naval battles with gruesome sea monsters and enemy ships. COLLECT Legendary Pirates - The most notorious plunderers ever known!Latest Update: Legendary Pirates! NEW Legendary Pirates!  Recruit these 12 powerful pirates to provide support for your other pirates in battle and even buff your defenses! NEW Treasure Chests!  Ranked from common to legendary, any one of these chests will contain some sweet booty. NEW Rumble Leaderboard!  See how your plunderin skills stack up with the rest of the world.Join the Plunder Pirates community online!Forumshttp://forum.plunderpirates.comFacebookhttp://facebook.com/plunderpiratesTwitterhttp://twitter.com/plunderpiratesSupporthttp://rov.io/support*Note: A network connection is required to play.---Terms of Use: http://www.rovio.com/eulaPrivacy Policy: http://www.rovio.com/privacyThis game may include:- Direct links to social networking websites that are intended for an audience over the age of 13.- Direct links to the internet that can take players away from the game with the potential to browse any web page.- Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.- The option to make in-app purchases. The bill payer should always be consulted beforehand. "A superbly constructed strategy management game. - PocketGamerTheres plenty of action, fun and glitz here, as youd expect from the makers of Angry Birds. - ForbesFeatures: BUILD an epic 3D pirate island fortified impenetrable defenses and plenty of firepower. SEE your island from every angle in killer 3D graphics. STORM other players islands in real time and plunder their booty! RECRUIT a crew from 10 different classes of seafaring scoundrels  each with unique skills. UPGRADE everything! Sail farther, get stronger, do more damage, protect your gold. JOIN a Pirate Guild with your friends for Guild perks. Plan your exploits in guild chat. EXPLORE uncharted waters in your mighty pirate ship. FIGHT naval battles with gruesome sea monsters and enemy ships. COLLECT Legendary Pirates - The most notorious plunderers ever known!Latest Update: Legendary Pirates! NEW Legendary Pirates!  Recruit these 12 powerful pirates to provide support for your other pirates in battle and even buff your defenses! NEW Treasure Chests!  Ranked from common to legendary, any one of these chests will contain some sweet booty. NEW Rumble Leaderboard!  See how your plunderin skills stack up with the rest of the world.Join the Plunder Pirates community online!Forumshttp://forum.plunderpirates.comFacebookhttp://facebook.com/plunderpiratesTwitterhttp://twitter.com/plunderpiratesSupporthttp://rov.io/support*Note: A network connection is required to play.---Terms of Use: http://www.rovio.com/eulaPrivacy Policy: http://www.rovio.com/privacyThis game may include:- Direct links to social networking websites that are intended for an audience over the age of 13.- Direct links to the internet that can take players away from the game with the potential to browse any web page.- Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.- The option to make in-app purchases. The bill payer should always be consulted beforehand. Features: BUILD an epic 3D pirate island fortified impenetrable defenses and plenty of firepower. SEE your island from every angle in killer 3D graphics. STORM other players islands in real time and plunder their booty! RECRUIT a crew from 10 different classes of seafaring scoundrels  each with unique skills. UPGRADE everything! Sail farther, get stronger, do more damage, protect your gold. JOIN a Pirate Guild with your friends for Guild perks. Plan your exploits in guild chat. EXPLORE uncharted waters in your mighty pirate ship. FIGHT naval battles with gruesome sea monsters and enemy ships. COLLECT Legendary Pirates - The most notorious plunderers ever known!Latest Update: Legendary Pirates! NEW Legendary Pirates!  Recruit these 12 powerful pirates to provide support for your other pirates in battle and even buff your defenses! NEW Treasure Chests!  Ranked from common to legendary, any one of these chests will contain some sweet booty. NEW Rumble Leaderboard!  See how your plunderin skills stack up with the rest of the world.Join the Plunder Pirates community online!Forumshttp://forum.plunderpirates.comFacebookhttp://facebook.com/plunderpiratesTwitterhttp://twitter.com/plunderpiratesSupporthttp://rov.io/support*Note: A network connection is required to play.---Terms of Use: http://www.rovio.com/eulaPrivacy Policy: http://www.rovio.com/privacyThis game may include:- Direct links to social networking websites that are intended for an audience over the age of 13.- Direct links to the internet that can take players away from the game with the potential to browse any web page.- Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.- The option to make in-app purchases. The bill payer should always be consulted beforehand. Features: BUILD an epic 3D pirate island fortified impenetrable defenses and plenty of firepower. SEE your island from every angle in killer 3D graphics. STORM other players islands in real time and plunder their booty! RECRUIT a crew from 10 different classes of seafaring scoundrels  each with unique skills. UPGRADE everything! Sail farther, get stronger, do more damage, protect your gold. JOIN a Pirate Guild with your friends for Guild perks. Plan your exploits in guild chat. EXPLORE uncharted waters in your mighty pirate ship. FIGHT naval battles with gruesome sea monsters and enemy ships. COLLECT Legendary Pirates - The most notorious plunderers ever known!Latest Update: Legendary Pirates! NEW Legendary Pirates!  Recruit these 12 powerful pirates to provide support for your other pirates in battle and even buff your defenses! NEW Treasure Chests!  Ranked from common to legendary, any one of these chests will contain some sweet booty. NEW Rumble Leaderboard!  See how your plunderin skills stack up with the rest of the world.Join the Plunder Pirates community online!Forumshttp://forum.plunderpirates.comFacebookhttp://facebook.com/plunderpiratesTwitterhttp://twitter.com/plunderpiratesSupporthttp://rov.io/support*Note: A network connection is required to play.---Terms of Use: http://www.rovio.com/eulaPrivacy Policy: http://www.rovio.com/privacyThis game may include:- Direct links to social networking websites that are intended for an audience over the age of 13.- Direct links to the internet that can take players away from the game with the potential to browse any web page.- Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.- The option to make in-app purchases. The bill payer should always be consulted beforehand. Latest Update: Legendary Pirates! NEW Legendary Pirates!  Recruit these 12 powerful pirates to provide support for your other pirates in battle and even buff your defenses! NEW Treasure Chests!  Ranked from common to legendary, any one of these chests will contain some sweet booty. NEW Rumble Leaderboard!  See how your plunderin skills stack up with the rest of the world.Join the Plunder Pirates community online!Forumshttp://forum.plunderpirates.comFacebookhttp://facebook.com/plunderpiratesTwitterhttp://twitter.com/plunderpiratesSupporthttp://rov.io/support*Note: A network connection is required to play.---Terms of Use: http://www.rovio.com/eulaPrivacy Policy: http://www.rovio.com/privacyThis game may include:- Direct links to social networking websites that are intended for an audience over the age of 13.- Direct links to the internet that can take players away from the game with the potential to browse any web page.- Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.- The option to make in-app purchases. The bill payer should always be consulted beforehand. Latest Update: Legendary Pirates! NEW Legendary Pirates!  Recruit these 12 powerful pirates to provide support for your other pirates in battle and even buff your defenses! NEW Treasure Chests!  Ranked from common to legendary, any one of these chests will contain some sweet booty. NEW Rumble Leaderboard!  See how your plunderin skills stack up with the rest of the world.Join the Plunder Pirates community online!Forumshttp://forum.plunderpirates.comFacebookhttp://facebook.com/plunderpiratesTwitterhttp://twitter.com/plunderpiratesSupporthttp://rov.io/support*Note: A network connection is required to play.---Terms of Use: http://www.rovio.com/eulaPrivacy Policy: http://www.rovio.com/privacyThis game may include:- Direct links to social networking websites that are intended for an audience over the age of 13.- Direct links to the internet that can take players away from the game with the potential to browse any web page.- Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.- The option to make in-app purchases. The bill payer should always be consulted beforehand. Join the Plunder Pirates community online!Forumshttp://forum.plunderpirates.comFacebookhttp://facebook.com/plunderpiratesTwitterhttp://twitter.com/plunderpiratesSupporthttp://rov.io/support*Note: A network connection is required to play.---Terms of Use: http://www.rovio.com/eulaPrivacy Policy: http://www.rovio.com/privacyThis game may include:- Direct links to social networking websites that are intended for an audience over the age of 13.- Direct links to the internet that can take players away from the game with the potential to browse any web page.- Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.- The option to make in-app purchases. The bill payer should always be consulted beforehand. Join the Plunder Pirates community online!Forumshttp://forum.plunderpirates.comFacebookhttp://facebook.com/plunderpiratesTwitterhttp://twitter.com/plunderpiratesSupporthttp://rov.io/support*Note: A network connection is required to play.---Terms of Use: http://www.rovio.com/eulaPrivacy Policy: http://www.rovio.com/privacyThis game may include:- Direct links to social networking websites that are intended for an audience over the age of 13.- Direct links to the internet that can take players away from the game with the potential to browse any web page.- Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.- The option to make in-app purchases. The bill payer should always be consulted beforehand. Forumshttp://forum.plunderpirates.comFacebookhttp://facebook.com/plunderpiratesTwitterhttp://twitter.com/plunderpiratesSupporthttp://rov.io/support*Note: A network connection is required to play.---Terms of Use: http://www.rovio.com/eulaPrivacy Policy: http://www.rovio.com/privacyThis game may include:- Direct links to social networking websites that are intended for an audience over the age of 13.- Direct links to the internet that can take players away from the game with the potential to browse any web page.- Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.- The option to make in-app purchases. The bill payer should always be consulted beforehand. Facebookhttp://facebook.com/plunderpiratesTwitterhttp://twitter.com/plunderpiratesSupporthttp://rov.io/support*Note: A network connection is required to play.---Terms of Use: http://www.rovio.com/eulaPrivacy Policy: http://www.rovio.com/privacyThis game may include:- Direct links to social networking websites that are intended for an audience over the age of 13.- Direct links to the internet that can take players away from the game with the potential to browse any web page.- Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.- The option to make in-app purchases. The bill payer should always be consulted beforehand. Twitterhttp://twitter.com/plunderpiratesSupporthttp://rov.io/support*Note: A network connection is required to play.---Terms of Use: http://www.rovio.com/eulaPrivacy Policy: http://www.rovio.com/privacyThis game may include:- Direct links to social networking websites that are intended for an audience over the age of 13.- Direct links to the internet that can take players away from the game with the potential to browse any web page.- Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.- The option to make in-app purchases. The bill payer should always be consulted beforehand. Supporthttp://rov.io/support*Note: A network connection is required to play.---Terms of Use: http://www.rovio.com/eulaPrivacy Policy: http://www.rovio.com/privacyThis game may include:- Direct links to social networking websites that are intended for an audience over the age of 13.- Direct links to the internet that can take players away from the game with the potential to browse any web page.- Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.- The option to make in-app purchases. The bill payer should always be consulted beforehand. *Note: A network connection is required to play.---Terms of Use: http://www.rovio.com/eulaPrivacy Policy: http://www.rovio.com/privacyThis game may include:- Direct links to social networking websites that are intended for an audience over the age of 13.- Direct links to the internet that can take players away from the game with the potential to browse any web page.- Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.- The option to make in-app purchases. The bill payer should always be consulted beforehand. ---Terms of Use: http://www.rovio.com/eulaPrivacy Policy: http://www.rovio.com/privacyThis game may include:- Direct links to social networking websites that are intended for an audience over the age of 13.- Direct links to the internet that can take players away from the game with the potential to browse any web page.- Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.- The option to make in-app purchases. The bill payer should always be consulted beforehand. This game may include:- Direct links to social networking websites that are intended for an audience over the age of 13.- Direct links to the internet that can take players away from the game with the potential to browse any web page.- Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.- The option to make in-app purchases. The bill payer should always be consulted beforehand.
Play a free poker game with millions of players from all over the world! Immerse yourself in a world of excitement, challenges and victories to prove that you're a true winner. Bluff and raise, improve your skills, gain experience, make new friends and become the best player ever!Game features:* YOUR OWN PROFILE PAGE, hosting all your progress and status in the game! Win tournaments, get achievements and buy new property to own the game.* TOURNAMENTS  Participate in Weekly Tournaments, Sit'n'Go and Shootout tournaments and master your skills. Win unique trophies and climb the leaderboard.* FREE CHIPS  Come back to the game every day and get free chips.* PLAY WITH FRIENDS  Invite your friends to the game through email or Facebook and get bonuses as a reward.* CHAT WITH OTHER PLAYERS  Use the convenient chat and message system to discuss hands you've won and get even more fun out of the game.* GET REWARDS  Up the stakes, win hands, go all-in and unlock achievements.* LEARN TO PLAY  Are you new to poker, but always wanted to try it? We'll help you take the first step. Use the tutorial mode, which shows you winning combinations and the rules of the game.* SMOOTH INTERFACE  A simple and attractive interface which gives you the ability to call, fold or raise the stakes with just one tap.* NO REGISTRATION  Get straight into the action. Use guest mode to play poker without registration.* SINGLE ACCOUNT  Start playing on your smartphone or tablet and continue playing on Facebook without losing your progress. Use your account to play any of our other games!* FAIR HAND DEALING GUARANTEED! Certified Random Number Generator (RNG) to bring you the best and fairest game experience.Want more than poker? Try our other games  blackjack and roulette  for an unforgettable 3D experience! Use your single account to start playing instantly!Subscribe to the game's official Facebook page and be the first to learn about the latest news and special offers:facebook.com/pokeristVisit pokerist.comThis game is only available to people of legal age. The game offers no possibility of winning money or anything of value. Success in playing this game does not imply your success in a similar real-money casino game.
When the kids at your high school start developing psychic powers, you and your friends must team up to stop the principal from taking over the world!"Psy High" is an interactive teen supernatural mystery novel by Rebecca Slitt, where your choices control the story. It's entirely text-basedwithout graphics or sound effectsand fueled by the vast, unstoppable power of your imagination. Play as male or female; gay, straight, or bi. Will you be a jock or a brain? Popular or ignored? Use your psychic powers to help others, or to take what you want. Win a coveted scholarship, star in the Drama Club play - or lose it all and spend your senior year in juvenile detention. How much are you willing to sacrifice to get ahead in the world? Can you solve the case? Can you save the school? And most importantly, can you find a date to the prom?- Solve mysteries in the classic teen-detective genre with a supernatural twist.- Find your place in the cutthroat high-school social scene: be an athlete, an actor, a brain, or a rebel.- Uncover the truth about your small town and its secrets.- Instead of stopping the principal, why not steal his powers for yourself, or even join him in his plan for world domination?- Find your one true love, or more than one! (They never talked about love triangles in trigonometry!) "Psy High" is an interactive teen supernatural mystery novel by Rebecca Slitt, where your choices control the story. It's entirely text-basedwithout graphics or sound effectsand fueled by the vast, unstoppable power of your imagination. Play as male or female; gay, straight, or bi. Will you be a jock or a brain? Popular or ignored? Use your psychic powers to help others, or to take what you want. Win a coveted scholarship, star in the Drama Club play - or lose it all and spend your senior year in juvenile detention. How much are you willing to sacrifice to get ahead in the world? Can you solve the case? Can you save the school? And most importantly, can you find a date to the prom?- Solve mysteries in the classic teen-detective genre with a supernatural twist.- Find your place in the cutthroat high-school social scene: be an athlete, an actor, a brain, or a rebel.- Uncover the truth about your small town and its secrets.- Instead of stopping the principal, why not steal his powers for yourself, or even join him in his plan for world domination?- Find your one true love, or more than one! (They never talked about love triangles in trigonometry!) - Solve mysteries in the classic teen-detective genre with a supernatural twist.- Find your place in the cutthroat high-school social scene: be an athlete, an actor, a brain, or a rebel.- Uncover the truth about your small town and its secrets.- Instead of stopping the principal, why not steal his powers for yourself, or even join him in his plan for world domination?- Find your one true love, or more than one! (They never talked about love triangles in trigonometry!)
A chance encounter at a night club makes Ella an overnight celebrity. But what is the cost of fame? Friendship and betrayal collide as she navigates the wild world of Hollywood.-FIGURE OUT who your real Hollywood friends are in your quest to win a reality tv show- INTERACTIVE STORIES: make choices that determine who you meet, what friends you make and what people think of you! - UNRAVEL mysteries and help your character survive the dangers that lie ahead! - DRESS your character and choose the style that will help you succeed! NOTE: This is just a short sneak preview of Real Hollywood for you to try. If you already have the Episode - Choose Your Story app, you should read the full version of Real Hollywood there.Supports Tablets!Please note that Real Hollywood is free to play, but you are able to purchase game items with real money. If you want to limit the ability to make in-app purchases, you may create a PIN in the Settings menu from within the Google Play Store. Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/65492509241/terms-of-service. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/66744877212/privacy-policy. -FIGURE OUT who your real Hollywood friends are in your quest to win a reality tv show- INTERACTIVE STORIES: make choices that determine who you meet, what friends you make and what people think of you! - UNRAVEL mysteries and help your character survive the dangers that lie ahead! - DRESS your character and choose the style that will help you succeed! NOTE: This is just a short sneak preview of Real Hollywood for you to try. If you already have the Episode - Choose Your Story app, you should read the full version of Real Hollywood there.Supports Tablets!Please note that Real Hollywood is free to play, but you are able to purchase game items with real money. If you want to limit the ability to make in-app purchases, you may create a PIN in the Settings menu from within the Google Play Store. Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/65492509241/terms-of-service. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/66744877212/privacy-policy. NOTE: This is just a short sneak preview of Real Hollywood for you to try. If you already have the Episode - Choose Your Story app, you should read the full version of Real Hollywood there.Supports Tablets!Please note that Real Hollywood is free to play, but you are able to purchase game items with real money. If you want to limit the ability to make in-app purchases, you may create a PIN in the Settings menu from within the Google Play Store. Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/65492509241/terms-of-service. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/66744877212/privacy-policy. Supports Tablets!Please note that Real Hollywood is free to play, but you are able to purchase game items with real money. If you want to limit the ability to make in-app purchases, you may create a PIN in the Settings menu from within the Google Play Store. Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/65492509241/terms-of-service. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/66744877212/privacy-policy. Please note that Real Hollywood is free to play, but you are able to purchase game items with real money. If you want to limit the ability to make in-app purchases, you may create a PIN in the Settings menu from within the Google Play Store. Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/65492509241/terms-of-service. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/66744877212/privacy-policy. Your use of this application is governed by the Terms of Service available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/65492509241/terms-of-service. Collection and use of your data are subject to the Privacy Policy available at http://episode-app.tumblr.com/post/66744877212/privacy-policy.
Rising Lovers : A free romantic otome gameIn this visual novel game, play as a young woman, discover your new life and lovers on the other side of the world. RisingLovers is the story where the evolution of your romantic life adapts to your many encounters and depends of your choices. Don't wait and discover the first chapters. In this visual novel game, play as a young woman, discover your new life and lovers on the other side of the world. RisingLovers is the story where the evolution of your romantic life adapts to your many encounters and depends of your choices. Don't wait and discover the first chapters.
Fight for glory as an officer of the Royal Tierran Army in a rich, low-fantasy world where gunpowder and magic rule the battlefield. Choose a horse, pick a sergeant and lead a unit of Royal Dragoons through five years of brutal war. Battle your enemies with your mind, your wits or with pistol and sword. Earn the loyalty of your subordinates and the friendship of your fellow officers, or betray them for your own gain. As armies, heroes and philosophies clash in the forests of the north, your choices could mean the difference between everlasting glory and an ignominious death.
Samurai Love Ballad: PARTY -Sengoku Princess-Bring one of the most exciting periods of Japanese history to life with the latest romance app in the Voltage PARTY series! StoryIn the war-torn Sengoku Era...To save your brother's life, you go to serve at the castle.But...who would await you there but the samurai who would stop at nothing to rule Japan...! Though both of you know death is waiting...I swear to protect you...on my sword, and on my very life itself..."His hidden charms pull you into a desperate love of warring hearts! Meet twelve brave samurai with their own passionate desires...The love stories that will turn the tides of history...all start with you!Meet the Samurai...Oda Nobunaga"I'll show you all...my divine rule." Ruthless, cold, and filled with righteous anger,Lord Nobunaga strikes fear in the hearts of men. But will the heart of a woman bring out something more...?-------------------------- Akechi Mitsuhide"Even if it costs me everything...I will have you..."Loyal to Lord Nobunaga, but kind to a fault.Regarded as the perfect samurai...but will he be a perfect love? -------------------------- Sanada Yukimura "I swore to protect all those worth protecting...with my life."His blade turns the tides of Fate in battle.But, it is said that his true weakness lies in the hearts of women...-------------------------- Kirigakure Saizo"Protecting you happens to be my job."The capricious heart of a man who will do anything for money......carries the dark secrets of the ninja...-------------------------- More characters to come!!-------------------------- The One-Eyed Dragon: Date Masamune"Women? Never much cared for them..."The Dragon's Claws: Katakura Kojuro"You will find no happiness at my side. Are you content with that?"The Miracle of Sengoku: Toyotomi Hideyoshi"I fight because you care enough to see me home." The Spear of Sengoku: Maeda Toshiie"When the chaos is over...I will tell you everything."The Archer of Tokai: Tokugawa Ieyasu"I will show you that you are nothing but my pawn."The Fox of Sawayama: Ishida Mitsunari"Say nothing, lest you ask for death."The God of Samurai: Uesugi Kenshin"I will bring carnage down upon whomever I must...if it is to keep you safe.The Tiger of Kai: Takeda Shingen"As long as you are with me, I will never die."How to PlayInstall the app and start a new gameChoose your favorite samuraiRead the story, make choices, and make your samurai fall for you!Choose between two endings in every Main Story!Create and dress your own heroine!Use lavish kimono, hairstyles, makeup, accessories and more!Live in and decorate your own castle! Visit the samurai, feed them onigiri, and collect bonus items! Ally yourself with your friends! Make allies with fellow players and bring your clans together! Keep choosing new characters to expand the world of the Samurai!Perfect for...Lovers of movies, dramas, & romance novels!Those who want to star in their own love story!Lovers of historical intrigue!Lovers of traditional Japanese fashion!Fans of dress-up doll games & appsBeginners to Romance Games/AppsFans of anime & manga Fans of free mobile gamesThose who want a virtual boyfriend but want more than a traditional romance Fans of beautiful, dramatic illustrationsImportant Information:Make sure you have a good data connection when playing the game in order to avoid data loss.If you uninstall the application, you will lose all your in-game purchases and records (gems, items, etc.)This app is available on Android devices that support Adobe Flash (Android 2.1 or higher is required; Android 4.0 or higher is recommended.)  If the app is not available, please use your browser to access it.We cannot accept returns, exchanges, or offer refunds on any gems or items, or Avatars purchased within the application. For more info StoryIn the war-torn Sengoku Era...To save your brother's life, you go to serve at the castle.But...who would await you there but the samurai who would stop at nothing to rule Japan...! Though both of you know death is waiting..."I swear to protect you...on my sword, and on my very life itself..."His hidden charms pull you into a desperate love of warring hearts! Meet twelve brave samurai with their own passionate desires...The love stories that will turn the tides of history...all start with you!Meet the Samurai...Oda Nobunaga"I'll show you all...my divine rule." Ruthless, cold, and filled with righteous anger,Lord Nobunaga strikes fear in the hearts of men. But will the heart of a woman bring out something more...?-------------------------- Akechi Mitsuhide"Even if it costs me everything...I will have you..."Loyal to Lord Nobunaga, but kind to a fault.Regarded as the perfect samurai...but will he be a perfect love? -------------------------- Sanada Yukimura "I swore to protect all those worth protecting...with my life."His blade turns the tides of Fate in battle.But, it is said that his true weakness lies in the hearts of women...-------------------------- Kirigakure Saizo"Protecting you happens to be my job."The capricious heart of a man who will do anything for money......carries the dark secrets of the ninja...-------------------------- More characters to come!!-------------------------- The One-Eyed Dragon: Date Masamune"Women? Never much cared for them..."The Dragon's Claws: Katakura Kojuro"You will find no happiness at my side. Are you content with that?"The Miracle of Sengoku: Toyotomi Hideyoshi"I fight because you care enough to see me home." The Spear of Sengoku: Maeda Toshiie"When the chaos is over...I will tell you everything."The Archer of Tokai: Tokugawa Ieyasu"I will show you that you are nothing but my pawn."The Fox of Sawayama: Ishida Mitsunari"Say nothing, lest you ask for death."The God of Samurai: Uesugi Kenshin"I will bring carnage down upon whomever I must...if it is to keep you safe.The Tiger of Kai: Takeda Shingen"As long as you are with me, I will never die."How to PlayInstall the app and start a new gameChoose your favorite samuraiRead the story, make choices, and make your samurai fall for you!Choose between two endings in every Main Story!Create and dress your own heroine!Use lavish kimono, hairstyles, makeup, accessories and more!Live in and decorate your own castle! Visit the samurai, feed them onigiri, and collect bonus items! Ally yourself with your friends! Make allies with fellow players and bring your clans together! Keep choosing new characters to expand the world of the Samurai!Perfect for...Lovers of movies, dramas, & romance novels!Those who want to star in their own love story!Lovers of historical intrigue!Lovers of traditional Japanese fashion!Fans of dress-up doll games & appsBeginners to Romance Games/AppsFans of anime & manga Fans of free mobile gamesThose who want a virtual boyfriend but want more than a traditional romance Fans of beautiful, dramatic illustrationsImportant Information:Make sure you have a good data connection when playing the game in order to avoid data loss.If you uninstall the application, you will lose all your in-game purchases and records (gems, items, etc.)This app is available on Android devices that support Adobe Flash (Android 2.1 or higher is required; Android 4.0 or higher is recommended.)  If the app is not available, please use your browser to access it.We cannot accept returns, exchanges, or offer refunds on any gems or items, or Avatars purchased within the application. For more info In the war-torn Sengoku Era...To save your brother's life, you go to serve at the castle.But...who would await you there but the samurai who would stop at nothing to rule Japan...! Though both of you know death is waiting..."I swear to protect you...on my sword, and on my very life itself..."His hidden charms pull you into a desperate love of warring hearts! Meet twelve brave samurai with their own passionate desires...The love stories that will turn the tides of history...all start with you!Meet the Samurai...Oda Nobunaga"I'll show you all...my divine rule." Ruthless, cold, and filled with righteous anger,Lord Nobunaga strikes fear in the hearts of men. But will the heart of a woman bring out something more...?-------------------------- Akechi Mitsuhide"Even if it costs me everything...I will have you..."Loyal to Lord Nobunaga, but kind to a fault.Regarded as the perfect samurai...but will he be a perfect love? -------------------------- Sanada Yukimura "I swore to protect all those worth protecting...with my life."His blade turns the tides of Fate in battle.But, it is said that his true weakness lies in the hearts of women...-------------------------- Kirigakure Saizo"Protecting you happens to be my job."The capricious heart of a man who will do anything for money......carries the dark secrets of the ninja...-------------------------- More characters to come!!-------------------------- The One-Eyed Dragon: Date Masamune"Women? Never much cared for them..."The Dragon's Claws: Katakura Kojuro"You will find no happiness at my side. Are you content with that?"The Miracle of Sengoku: Toyotomi Hideyoshi"I fight because you care enough to see me home." The Spear of Sengoku: Maeda Toshiie"When the chaos is over...I will tell you everything."The Archer of Tokai: Tokugawa Ieyasu"I will show you that you are nothing but my pawn."The Fox of Sawayama: Ishida Mitsunari"Say nothing, lest you ask for death."The God of Samurai: Uesugi Kenshin"I will bring carnage down upon whomever I must...if it is to keep you safe.The Tiger of Kai: Takeda Shingen"As long as you are with me, I will never die."How to PlayInstall the app and start a new gameChoose your favorite samuraiRead the story, make choices, and make your samurai fall for you!Choose between two endings in every Main Story!Create and dress your own heroine!Use lavish kimono, hairstyles, makeup, accessories and more!Live in and decorate your own castle! Visit the samurai, feed them onigiri, and collect bonus items! Ally yourself with your friends! Make allies with fellow players and bring your clans together! Keep choosing new characters to expand the world of the Samurai!Perfect for...Lovers of movies, dramas, & romance novels!Those who want to star in their own love story!Lovers of historical intrigue!Lovers of traditional Japanese fashion!Fans of dress-up doll games & appsBeginners to Romance Games/AppsFans of anime & manga Fans of free mobile gamesThose who want a virtual boyfriend but want more than a traditional romance Fans of beautiful, dramatic illustrationsImportant Information:Make sure you have a good data connection when playing the game in order to avoid data loss.If you uninstall the application, you will lose all your in-game purchases and records (gems, items, etc.)This app is available on Android devices that support Adobe Flash (Android 2.1 or higher is required; Android 4.0 or higher is recommended.)  If the app is not available, please use your browser to access it.We cannot accept returns, exchanges, or offer refunds on any gems or items, or Avatars purchased within the application. For more info But...who would await you there but the samurai who would stop at nothing to rule Japan...! Though both of you know death is waiting..."I swear to protect you...on my sword, and on my very life itself..."His hidden charms pull you into a desperate love of warring hearts! Meet twelve brave samurai with their own passionate desires...The love stories that will turn the tides of history...all start with you!Meet the Samurai...Oda Nobunaga"I'll show you all...my divine rule." Ruthless, cold, and filled with righteous anger,Lord Nobunaga strikes fear in the hearts of men. But will the heart of a woman bring out something more...?-------------------------- Akechi Mitsuhide"Even if it costs me everything...I will have you..."Loyal to Lord Nobunaga, but kind to a fault.Regarded as the perfect samurai...but will he be a perfect love? -------------------------- Sanada Yukimura "I swore to protect all those worth protecting...with my life."His blade turns the tides of Fate in battle.But, it is said that his true weakness lies in the hearts of women...-------------------------- Kirigakure Saizo"Protecting you happens to be my job."The capricious heart of a man who will do anything for money......carries the dark secrets of the ninja...-------------------------- More characters to come!!-------------------------- The One-Eyed Dragon: Date Masamune"Women? Never much cared for them..."The Dragon's Claws: Katakura Kojuro"You will find no happiness at my side. Are you content with that?"The Miracle of Sengoku: Toyotomi Hideyoshi"I fight because you care enough to see me home." The Spear of Sengoku: Maeda Toshiie"When the chaos is over...I will tell you everything."The Archer of Tokai: Tokugawa Ieyasu"I will show you that you are nothing but my pawn."The Fox of Sawayama: Ishida Mitsunari"Say nothing, lest you ask for death."The God of Samurai: Uesugi Kenshin"I will bring carnage down upon whomever I must...if it is to keep you safe.The Tiger of Kai: Takeda Shingen"As long as you are with me, I will never die."How to PlayInstall the app and start a new gameChoose your favorite samuraiRead the story, make choices, and make your samurai fall for you!Choose between two endings in every Main Story!Create and dress your own heroine!Use lavish kimono, hairstyles, makeup, accessories and more!Live in and decorate your own castle! Visit the samurai, feed them onigiri, and collect bonus items! Ally yourself with your friends! Make allies with fellow players and bring your clans together! Keep choosing new characters to expand the world of the Samurai!Perfect for...Lovers of movies, dramas, & romance novels!Those who want to star in their own love story!Lovers of historical intrigue!Lovers of traditional Japanese fashion!Fans of dress-up doll games & appsBeginners to Romance Games/AppsFans of anime & manga Fans of free mobile gamesThose who want a virtual boyfriend but want more than a traditional romance Fans of beautiful, dramatic illustrationsImportant Information:Make sure you have a good data connection when playing the game in order to avoid data loss.If you uninstall the application, you will lose all your in-game purchases and records (gems, items, etc.)This app is available on Android devices that support Adobe Flash (Android 2.1 or higher is required; Android 4.0 or higher is recommended.)  If the app is not available, please use your browser to access it.We cannot accept returns, exchanges, or offer refunds on any gems or items, or Avatars purchased within the application. For more info Though both of you know death is waiting..."I swear to protect you...on my sword, and on my very life itself..."His hidden charms pull you into a desperate love of warring hearts! Meet twelve brave samurai with their own passionate desires...The love stories that will turn the tides of history...all start with you!Meet the Samurai...Oda Nobunaga"I'll show you all...my divine rule." Ruthless, cold, and filled with righteous anger,Lord Nobunaga strikes fear in the hearts of men. But will the heart of a woman bring out something more...?-------------------------- Akechi Mitsuhide"Even if it costs me everything...I will have you..."Loyal to Lord Nobunaga, but kind to a fault.Regarded as the perfect samurai...but will he be a perfect love? -------------------------- Sanada Yukimura "I swore to protect all those worth protecting...with my life."His blade turns the tides of Fate in battle.But, it is said that his true weakness lies in the hearts of women...-------------------------- Kirigakure Saizo"Protecting you happens to be my job."The capricious heart of a man who will do anything for money......carries the dark secrets of the ninja...-------------------------- More characters to come!!-------------------------- The One-Eyed Dragon: Date Masamune"Women? Never much cared for them..."The Dragon's Claws: Katakura Kojuro"You will find no happiness at my side. Are you content with that?"The Miracle of Sengoku: Toyotomi Hideyoshi"I fight because you care enough to see me home." The Spear of Sengoku: Maeda Toshiie"When the chaos is over...I will tell you everything."The Archer of Tokai: Tokugawa Ieyasu"I will show you that you are nothing but my pawn."The Fox of Sawayama: Ishida Mitsunari"Say nothing, lest you ask for death."The God of Samurai: Uesugi Kenshin"I will bring carnage down upon whomever I must...if it is to keep you safe.The Tiger of Kai: Takeda Shingen"As long as you are with me, I will never die."How to PlayInstall the app and start a new gameChoose your favorite samuraiRead the story, make choices, and make your samurai fall for you!Choose between two endings in every Main Story!Create and dress your own heroine!Use lavish kimono, hairstyles, makeup, accessories and more!Live in and decorate your own castle! Visit the samurai, feed them onigiri, and collect bonus items! Ally yourself with your friends! Make allies with fellow players and bring your clans together! Keep choosing new characters to expand the world of the Samurai!Perfect for...Lovers of movies, dramas, & romance novels!Those who want to star in their own love story!Lovers of historical intrigue!Lovers of traditional Japanese fashion!Fans of dress-up doll games & appsBeginners to Romance Games/AppsFans of anime & manga Fans of free mobile gamesThose who want a virtual boyfriend but want more than a traditional romance Fans of beautiful, dramatic illustrationsImportant Information:Make sure you have a good data connection when playing the game in order to avoid data loss.If you uninstall the application, you will lose all your in-game purchases and records (gems, items, etc.)This app is available on Android devices that support Adobe Flash (Android 2.1 or higher is required; Android 4.0 or higher is recommended.)  If the app is not available, please use your browser to access it.We cannot accept returns, exchanges, or offer refunds on any gems or items, or Avatars purchased within the application. For more info "I swear to protect you...on my sword, and on my very life itself..."His hidden charms pull you into a desperate love of warring hearts! Meet twelve brave samurai with their own passionate desires...The love stories that will turn the tides of history...all start with you!Meet the Samurai...Oda Nobunaga"I'll show you all...my divine rule." Ruthless, cold, and filled with righteous anger,Lord Nobunaga strikes fear in the hearts of men. But will the heart of a woman bring out something more...?-------------------------- Akechi Mitsuhide"Even if it costs me everything...I will have you..."Loyal to Lord Nobunaga, but kind to a fault.Regarded as the perfect samurai...but will he be a perfect love? -------------------------- Sanada Yukimura "I swore to protect all those worth protecting...with my life."His blade turns the tides of Fate in battle.But, it is said that his true weakness lies in the hearts of women...-------------------------- Kirigakure Saizo"Protecting you happens to be my job."The capricious heart of a man who will do anything for money......carries the dark secrets of the ninja...-------------------------- More characters to come!!-------------------------- The One-Eyed Dragon: Date Masamune"Women? Never much cared for them..."The Dragon's Claws: Katakura Kojuro"You will find no happiness at my side. Are you content with that?"The Miracle of Sengoku: Toyotomi Hideyoshi"I fight because you care enough to see me home." The Spear of Sengoku: Maeda Toshiie"When the chaos is over...I will tell you everything."The Archer of Tokai: Tokugawa Ieyasu"I will show you that you are nothing but my pawn."The Fox of Sawayama: Ishida Mitsunari"Say nothing, lest you ask for death."The God of Samurai: Uesugi Kenshin"I will bring carnage down upon whomever I must...if it is to keep you safe.The Tiger of Kai: Takeda Shingen"As long as you are with me, I will never die."How to PlayInstall the app and start a new gameChoose your favorite samuraiRead the story, make choices, and make your samurai fall for you!Choose between two endings in every Main Story!Create and dress your own heroine!Use lavish kimono, hairstyles, makeup, accessories and more!Live in and decorate your own castle! Visit the samurai, feed them onigiri, and collect bonus items! Ally yourself with your friends! Make allies with fellow players and bring your clans together! Keep choosing new characters to expand the world of the Samurai!Perfect for...Lovers of movies, dramas, & romance novels!Those who want to star in their own love story!Lovers of historical intrigue!Lovers of traditional Japanese fashion!Fans of dress-up doll games & appsBeginners to Romance Games/AppsFans of anime & manga Fans of free mobile gamesThose who want a virtual boyfriend but want more than a traditional romance Fans of beautiful, dramatic illustrationsImportant Information:Make sure you have a good data connection when playing the game in order to avoid data loss.If you uninstall the application, you will lose all your in-game purchases and records (gems, items, etc.)This app is available on Android devices that support Adobe Flash (Android 2.1 or higher is required; Android 4.0 or higher is recommended.)  If the app is not available, please use your browser to access it.We cannot accept returns, exchanges, or offer refunds on any gems or items, or Avatars purchased within the application. For more info His hidden charms pull you into a desperate love of warring hearts! Meet twelve brave samurai with their own passionate desires...The love stories that will turn the tides of history...all start with you!Meet the Samurai...Oda Nobunaga"I'll show you all...my divine rule." Ruthless, cold, and filled with righteous anger,Lord Nobunaga strikes fear in the hearts of men. But will the heart of a woman bring out something more...?-------------------------- Akechi Mitsuhide"Even if it costs me everything...I will have you..."Loyal to Lord Nobunaga, but kind to a fault.Regarded as the perfect samurai...but will he be a perfect love? -------------------------- Sanada Yukimura "I swore to protect all those worth protecting...with my life."His blade turns the tides of Fate in battle.But, it is said that his true weakness lies in the hearts of women...-------------------------- Kirigakure Saizo"Protecting you happens to be my job."The capricious heart of a man who will do anything for money......carries the dark secrets of the ninja...-------------------------- More characters to come!!-------------------------- The One-Eyed Dragon: Date Masamune"Women? Never much cared for them..."The Dragon's Claws: Katakura Kojuro"You will find no happiness at my side. Are you content with that?"The Miracle of Sengoku: Toyotomi Hideyoshi"I fight because you care enough to see me home." The Spear of Sengoku: Maeda Toshiie"When the chaos is over...I will tell you everything."The Archer of Tokai: Tokugawa Ieyasu"I will show you that you are nothing but my pawn."The Fox of Sawayama: Ishida Mitsunari"Say nothing, lest you ask for death."The God of Samurai: Uesugi Kenshin"I will bring carnage down upon whomever I must...if it is to keep you safe.The Tiger of Kai: Takeda Shingen"As long as you are with me, I will never die."How to PlayInstall the app and start a new gameChoose your favorite samuraiRead the story, make choices, and make your samurai fall for you!Choose between two endings in every Main Story!Create and dress your own heroine!Use lavish kimono, hairstyles, makeup, accessories and more!Live in and decorate your own castle! Visit the samurai, feed them onigiri, and collect bonus items! Ally yourself with your friends! Make allies with fellow players and bring your clans together! Keep choosing new characters to expand the world of the Samurai!Perfect for...Lovers of movies, dramas, & romance novels!Those who want to star in their own love story!Lovers of historical intrigue!Lovers of traditional Japanese fashion!Fans of dress-up doll games & appsBeginners to Romance Games/AppsFans of anime & manga Fans of free mobile gamesThose who want a virtual boyfriend but want more than a traditional romance Fans of beautiful, dramatic illustrationsImportant Information:Make sure you have a good data connection when playing the game in order to avoid data loss.If you uninstall the application, you will lose all your in-game purchases and records (gems, items, etc.)This app is available on Android devices that support Adobe Flash (Android 2.1 or higher is required; Android 4.0 or higher is recommended.)  If the app is not available, please use your browser to access it.We cannot accept returns, exchanges, or offer refunds on any gems or items, or Avatars purchased within the application. For more info Meet twelve brave samurai with their own passionate desires...The love stories that will turn the tides of history...all start with you!Meet the Samurai...Oda Nobunaga"I'll show you all...my divine rule." Ruthless, cold, and filled with righteous anger,Lord Nobunaga strikes fear in the hearts of men. But will the heart of a woman bring out something more...?-------------------------- Akechi Mitsuhide"Even if it costs me everything...I will have you..."Loyal to Lord Nobunaga, but kind to a fault.Regarded as the perfect samurai...but will he be a perfect love? -------------------------- Sanada Yukimura "I swore to protect all those worth protecting...with my life."His blade turns the tides of Fate in battle.But, it is said that his true weakness lies in the hearts of women...-------------------------- Kirigakure Saizo"Protecting you happens to be my job."The capricious heart of a man who will do anything for money......carries the dark secrets of the ninja...-------------------------- More characters to come!!-------------------------- The One-Eyed Dragon: Date Masamune"Women? Never much cared for them..."The Dragon's Claws: Katakura Kojuro"You will find no happiness at my side. Are you content with that?"The Miracle of Sengoku: Toyotomi Hideyoshi"I fight because you care enough to see me home." The Spear of Sengoku: Maeda Toshiie"When the chaos is over...I will tell you everything."The Archer of Tokai: Tokugawa Ieyasu"I will show you that you are nothing but my pawn."The Fox of Sawayama: Ishida Mitsunari"Say nothing, lest you ask for death."The God of Samurai: Uesugi Kenshin"I will bring carnage down upon whomever I must...if it is to keep you safe.The Tiger of Kai: Takeda Shingen"As long as you are with me, I will never die."How to PlayInstall the app and start a new gameChoose your favorite samuraiRead the story, make choices, and make your samurai fall for you!Choose between two endings in every Main Story!Create and dress your own heroine!Use lavish kimono, hairstyles, makeup, accessories and more!Live in and decorate your own castle! Visit the samurai, feed them onigiri, and collect bonus items! Ally yourself with your friends! Make allies with fellow players and bring your clans together! Keep choosing new characters to expand the world of the Samurai!Perfect for...Lovers of movies, dramas, & romance novels!Those who want to star in their own love story!Lovers of historical intrigue!Lovers of traditional Japanese fashion!Fans of dress-up doll games & appsBeginners to Romance Games/AppsFans of anime & manga Fans of free mobile gamesThose who want a virtual boyfriend but want more than a traditional romance Fans of beautiful, dramatic illustrationsImportant Information:Make sure you have a good data connection when playing the game in order to avoid data loss.If you uninstall the application, you will lose all your in-game purchases and records (gems, items, etc.)This app is available on Android devices that support Adobe Flash (Android 2.1 or higher is required; Android 4.0 or higher is recommended.)  If the app is not available, please use your browser to access it.We cannot accept returns, exchanges, or offer refunds on any gems or items, or Avatars purchased within the application. For more info The love stories that will turn the tides of history...all start with you!Meet the Samurai...Oda Nobunaga"I'll show you all...my divine rule." Ruthless, cold, and filled with righteous anger,Lord Nobunaga strikes fear in the hearts of men. But will the heart of a woman bring out something more...?-------------------------- Akechi Mitsuhide"Even if it costs me everything...I will have you..."Loyal to Lord Nobunaga, but kind to a fault.Regarded as the perfect samurai...but will he be a perfect love? -------------------------- Sanada Yukimura "I swore to protect all those worth protecting...with my life."His blade turns the tides of Fate in battle.But, it is said that his true weakness lies in the hearts of women...-------------------------- Kirigakure Saizo"Protecting you happens to be my job."The capricious heart of a man who will do anything for money......carries the dark secrets of the ninja...-------------------------- More characters to come!!-------------------------- The One-Eyed Dragon: Date Masamune"Women? Never much cared for them..."The Dragon's Claws: Katakura Kojuro"You will find no happiness at my side. Are you content with that?"The Miracle of Sengoku: Toyotomi Hideyoshi"I fight because you care enough to see me home." The Spear of Sengoku: Maeda Toshiie"When the chaos is over...I will tell you everything."The Archer of Tokai: Tokugawa Ieyasu"I will show you that you are nothing but my pawn."The Fox of Sawayama: Ishida Mitsunari"Say nothing, lest you ask for death."The God of Samurai: Uesugi Kenshin"I will bring carnage down upon whomever I must...if it is to keep you safe.The Tiger of Kai: Takeda Shingen"As long as you are with me, I will never die."How to PlayInstall the app and start a new gameChoose your favorite samuraiRead the story, make choices, and make your samurai fall for you!Choose between two endings in every Main Story!Create and dress your own heroine!Use lavish kimono, hairstyles, makeup, accessories and more!Live in and decorate your own castle! Visit the samurai, feed them onigiri, and collect bonus items! Ally yourself with your friends! Make allies with fellow players and bring your clans together! Keep choosing new characters to expand the world of the Samurai!Perfect for...Lovers of movies, dramas, & romance novels!Those who want to star in their own love story!Lovers of historical intrigue!Lovers of traditional Japanese fashion!Fans of dress-up doll games & appsBeginners to Romance Games/AppsFans of anime & manga Fans of free mobile gamesThose who want a virtual boyfriend but want more than a traditional romance Fans of beautiful, dramatic illustrationsImportant Information:Make sure you have a good data connection when playing the game in order to avoid data loss.If you uninstall the application, you will lose all your in-game purchases and records (gems, items, etc.)This app is available on Android devices that support Adobe Flash (Android 2.1 or higher is required; Android 4.0 or higher is recommended.)  If the app is not available, please use your browser to access it.We cannot accept returns, exchanges, or offer refunds on any gems or items, or Avatars purchased within the application. For more info Meet the Samurai...Oda Nobunaga"I'll show you all...my divine rule." Ruthless, cold, and filled with righteous anger,Lord Nobunaga strikes fear in the hearts of men. But will the heart of a woman bring out something more...?-------------------------- Akechi Mitsuhide"Even if it costs me everything...I will have you..."Loyal to Lord Nobunaga, but kind to a fault.Regarded as the perfect samurai...but will he be a perfect love? -------------------------- Sanada Yukimura "I swore to protect all those worth protecting...with my life."His blade turns the tides of Fate in battle.But, it is said that his true weakness lies in the hearts of women...-------------------------- Kirigakure Saizo"Protecting you happens to be my job."The capricious heart of a man who will do anything for money......carries the dark secrets of the ninja...-------------------------- More characters to come!!-------------------------- The One-Eyed Dragon: Date Masamune"Women? Never much cared for them..."The Dragon's Claws: Katakura Kojuro"You will find no happiness at my side. Are you content with that?"The Miracle of Sengoku: Toyotomi Hideyoshi"I fight because you care enough to see me home." The Spear of Sengoku: Maeda Toshiie"When the chaos is over...I will tell you everything."The Archer of Tokai: Tokugawa Ieyasu"I will show you that you are nothing but my pawn."The Fox of Sawayama: Ishida Mitsunari"Say nothing, lest you ask for death."The God of Samurai: Uesugi Kenshin"I will bring carnage down upon whomever I must...if it is to keep you safe.The
Why be a king, when you can be a god?  Rap God is now in Shady Wars, developed in partnership with Shady Records.  Earn your Rap God props in 135 battles with Rap God and 14 more Shady hits or play in Ken Mode for max protection. MTV News calls it addictive and fun for any music fan.  Its a must-have for all true Stans.
PREPARE FOR THE WORLDS FIRST ENDLESS ACTION RPG Slayin will test your skills like no other endless game on the Google Play Store. Dont get yourself fooled by its charming retro graphics and motivating chiptune soundtrack. In this game, death lurks behind every corner! Your task sounds all so simple. First choose from one of three heroes: knight, wizard and knave. Then slay as many monsters as possible, while leveling up and getting more powerful equipment and spells along the way. But theres a catch: once you die, youre gone for good! On your journey you will travel through numerous locations and encounter dozens of different monsters and fearsome bosses. Eventually, you will even have to face the giant dragon of legend. But he will not part with his treasure easily. Only the most worthy adventurers will be able to complete this task and become a true hero. Get ready for some slayin!  Worlds first endless action RPG  Challenging and rewarding  Pixel perfect retro graphics  Chiptune soundtrack by Matt Creamer (Retro City Rampage)  6 unique playable classes: knight, wizard, knave, archer, tamer and ninja  Endless loot: tons of weapons, armor and spells  Face legendary monsters and bosses  More than a hundred challenging quests to master  3 unique game modes  Compete with your friends on Game Services Slayin will test your skills like no other endless game on the Google Play Store. Dont get yourself fooled by its charming retro graphics and motivating chiptune soundtrack. In this game, death lurks behind every corner! Your task sounds all so simple. First choose from one of three heroes: knight, wizard and knave. Then slay as many monsters as possible, while leveling up and getting more powerful equipment and spells along the way. But theres a catch: once you die, youre gone for good! On your journey you will travel through numerous locations and encounter dozens of different monsters and fearsome bosses. Eventually, you will even have to face the giant dragon of legend. But he will not part with his treasure easily. Only the most worthy adventurers will be able to complete this task and become a true hero. Get ready for some slayin!  Worlds first endless action RPG  Challenging and rewarding  Pixel perfect retro graphics  Chiptune soundtrack by Matt Creamer (Retro City Rampage)  6 unique playable classes: knight, wizard, knave, archer, tamer and ninja  Endless loot: tons of weapons, armor and spells  Face legendary monsters and bosses  More than a hundred challenging quests to master  3 unique game modes  Compete with your friends on Game Services Your task sounds all so simple. First choose from one of three heroes: knight, wizard and knave. Then slay as many monsters as possible, while leveling up and getting more powerful equipment and spells along the way. But theres a catch: once you die, youre gone for good! On your journey you will travel through numerous locations and encounter dozens of different monsters and fearsome bosses. Eventually, you will even have to face the giant dragon of legend. But he will not part with his treasure easily. Only the most worthy adventurers will be able to complete this task and become a true hero. Get ready for some slayin!  Worlds first endless action RPG  Challenging and rewarding  Pixel perfect retro graphics  Chiptune soundtrack by Matt Creamer (Retro City Rampage)  6 unique playable classes: knight, wizard, knave, archer, tamer and ninja  Endless loot: tons of weapons, armor and spells  Face legendary monsters and bosses  More than a hundred challenging quests to master  3 unique game modes  Compete with your friends on Game Services On your journey you will travel through numerous locations and encounter dozens of different monsters and fearsome bosses. Eventually, you will even have to face the giant dragon of legend. But he will not part with his treasure easily. Only the most worthy adventurers will be able to complete this task and become a true hero. Get ready for some slayin!  Worlds first endless action RPG  Challenging and rewarding  Pixel perfect retro graphics  Chiptune soundtrack by Matt Creamer (Retro City Rampage)  6 unique playable classes: knight, wizard, knave, archer, tamer and ninja  Endless loot: tons of weapons, armor and spells  Face legendary monsters and bosses  More than a hundred challenging quests to master  3 unique game modes  Compete with your friends on Game Services  Worlds first endless action RPG  Challenging and rewarding  Pixel perfect retro graphics  Chiptune soundtrack by Matt Creamer (Retro City Rampage)  6 unique playable classes: knight, wizard, knave, archer, tamer and ninja  Endless loot: tons of weapons, armor and spells  Face legendary monsters and bosses  More than a hundred challenging quests to master  3 unique game modes  Compete with your friends on Game Services
AIM and SHOOT!  Download now for FREE one of the best shooting games!Start the killing: FIGHT the global war on crime and become the ULTIMATE SHOOTER.Get yourself a gun and start shooting.Sniper 3D Assassin in 7 words: great gameplay, awesome visuals and entertaining missions. And best of all? It's a free game to pass the time!- Ultra REALISTIC 3D graphics and cool animations- HUNDREDS of thrilling MISSIONS- Tons of letal GUNS and mortal WEAPONS- ADDICTING gameplay (FPS)- EASY and INTUITIVE controls- FREE game: play it both on your phone and tabletDOWNLOAD the app for FREE now and don't miss amazing NEW CONTENT on periodic UPDATES. If you like fighting games, you will love the cool Sniper 3D game!Not decided yet if you're UP to the CHALLENGE?Forget those dumb, repetitive shooting games. Here, your duty will include racing against time, exploding helicopters in american cities, and quite a few bloody headshots in slow motion. But can you solve the puzzle, save the victims and kill only the right target hidden in the crowd?Read what millions of extremely happy players have say about Sniper 3D. Check out our reviews!Sniper 3D Assassin is brought to you by Fun Games For Free. The best first person shooter action game! Be the best professional sniper in every environment! Hundreds of mission:"Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, do you copy?" The president needs your help. Find the target, aim, and shoot for an headshot on all the bad guys: Terrorists from isis, suicide bombers, dumb gangsters, thugs or corrupted cops...They don't stand a chance. Save the state secrets from the rogue agents and spies. Do you have the skills? Help your country in the massive nuclear competition. Be accurate and save the hostages and victims of the enemy. Help the resistance of the dictatorship. But be careful at every shot: every bullet must blow the target's head. And don't forget soldier: this is dangerous and you are alone! Fulfill your contract and you are rich. Fail, and you die. Unblock badass weapons and upgrade them with evolutions in the arsenal:Buy the best Sniper rifles, assault rifles, shotguns ou Pistols that exist with the gem you earn in the game! Upgrade the ammo, the grip, the calibre to get bullets that inflict more damage, better range, scope, stability, ou zoom. Will you choose the hunting rifle , the awesome assault mp5 or a gun Glock or colt in the armory? Play it anywhereSniper 3D does not require you to be always online in order to have fun. You can enjoy it in the subway, while flying on a (real) plane, in the car on the road, during services in a temple (or maybe even on toilet!). From time to time, it may be needed to download additional (free) content from internet. Limited data usageOur game will not consume tons of data from your mobile plan that you'd want to use instead to surf the web, watch youtube videos and listen to free music Compatibility and supportWe're continuously working (hard) so that all Android phones and tablets run the game smoothly. Please report any issue you may experience to fun+sniper3d@fungames-forfree.com DisclaimerSniper 3D Assassin is a free game but it contains mature content and optional in-app purchases for real money. You may want to keep away it from your kids and younger boys Get yourself a gun and start shooting.Sniper 3D Assassin in 7 words: great gameplay, awesome visuals and entertaining missions. And best of all? It's a free game to pass the time!- Ultra REALISTIC 3D graphics and cool animations- HUNDREDS of thrilling MISSIONS- Tons of letal GUNS and mortal WEAPONS- ADDICTING gameplay (FPS)- EASY and INTUITIVE controls- FREE game: play it both on your phone and tabletDOWNLOAD the app for FREE now and don't miss amazing NEW CONTENT on periodic UPDATES. If you like fighting games, you will love the cool Sniper 3D game!Not decided yet if you're UP to the CHALLENGE?Forget those dumb, repetitive shooting games. Here, your duty will include racing against time, exploding helicopters in american cities, and quite a few bloody headshots in slow motion. But can you solve the puzzle, save the victims and kill only the right target hidden in the crowd?Read what millions of extremely happy players have say about Sniper 3D. Check out our reviews!Sniper 3D Assassin is brought to you by Fun Games For Free. The best first person shooter action game! Be the best professional sniper in every environment! Hundreds of mission:"Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, do you copy?" The president needs your help. Find the target, aim, and shoot for an headshot on all the bad guys: Terrorists from isis, suicide bombers, dumb gangsters, thugs or corrupted cops...They don't stand a chance. Save the state secrets from the rogue agents and spies. Do you have the skills? Help your country in the massive nuclear competition. Be accurate and save the hostages and victims of the enemy. Help the resistance of the dictatorship. But be careful at every shot: every bullet must blow the target's head. And don't forget soldier: this is dangerous and you are alone! Fulfill your contract and you are rich. Fail, and you die. Unblock badass weapons and upgrade them with evolutions in the arsenal:Buy the best Sniper rifles, assault rifles, shotguns ou Pistols that exist with the gem you earn in the game! Upgrade the ammo, the grip, the calibre to get bullets that inflict more damage, better range, scope, stability, ou zoom. Will you choose the hunting rifle , the awesome assault mp5 or a gun Glock or colt in the armory? Play it anywhereSniper 3D does not require you to be always online in order to have fun. You can enjoy it in the subway, while flying on a (real) plane, in the car on the road, during services in a temple (or maybe even on toilet!). From time to time, it may be needed to download additional (free) content from internet. Limited data usageOur game will not consume tons of data from your mobile plan that you'd want to use instead to surf the web, watch youtube videos and listen to free music Compatibility and supportWe're continuously working (hard) so that all Android phones and tablets run the game smoothly. Please report any issue you may experience to fun+sniper3d@fungames-forfree.com DisclaimerSniper 3D Assassin is a free game but it contains mature content and optional in-app purchases for real money. You may want to keep away it from your kids and younger boys Sniper 3D Assassin in 7 words: great gameplay, awesome visuals and entertaining missions. And best of all? It's a free game to pass the time!- Ultra REALISTIC 3D graphics and cool animations- HUNDREDS of thrilling MISSIONS- Tons of letal GUNS and mortal WEAPONS- ADDICTING gameplay (FPS)- EASY and INTUITIVE controls- FREE game: play it both on your phone and tabletDOWNLOAD the app for FREE now and don't miss amazing NEW CONTENT on periodic UPDATES. If you like fighting games, you will love the cool Sniper 3D game!Not decided yet if you're UP to the CHALLENGE?Forget those dumb, repetitive shooting games. Here, your duty will include racing against time, exploding helicopters in american cities, and quite a few bloody headshots in slow motion. But can you solve the puzzle, save the victims and kill only the right target hidden in the crowd?Read what millions of extremely happy players have say about Sniper 3D. Check out our reviews!Sniper 3D Assassin is brought to you by Fun Games For Free. The best first person shooter action game! Be the best professional sniper in every environment! Hundreds of mission:"Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, do you copy?" The president needs your help. Find the target, aim, and shoot for an headshot on all the bad guys: Terrorists from isis, suicide bombers, dumb gangsters, thugs or corrupted cops...They don't stand a chance. Save the state secrets from the rogue agents and spies. Do you have the skills? Help your country in the massive nuclear competition. Be accurate and save the hostages and victims of the enemy. Help the resistance of the dictatorship. But be careful at every shot: every bullet must blow the target's head. And don't forget soldier: this is dangerous and you are alone! Fulfill your contract and you are rich. Fail, and you die. Unblock badass weapons and upgrade them with evolutions in the arsenal:Buy the best Sniper rifles, assault rifles, shotguns ou Pistols that exist with the gem you earn in the game! Upgrade the ammo, the grip, the calibre to get bullets that inflict more damage, better range, scope, stability, ou zoom. Will you choose the hunting rifle , the awesome assault mp5 or a gun Glock or colt in the armory? Play it anywhereSniper 3D does not require you to be always online in order to have fun. You can enjoy it in the subway, while flying on a (real) plane, in the car on the road, during services in a temple (or maybe even on toilet!). From time to time, it may be needed to download additional (free) content from internet. Limited data usageOur game will not consume tons of data from your mobile plan that you'd want to use instead to surf the web, watch youtube videos and listen to free music Compatibility and supportWe're continuously working (hard) so that all Android phones and tablets run the game smoothly. Please report any issue you may experience to fun+sniper3d@fungames-forfree.com DisclaimerSniper 3D Assassin is a free game but it contains mature content and optional in-app purchases for real money. You may want to keep away it from your kids and younger boys - Ultra REALISTIC 3D graphics and cool animations- HUNDREDS of thrilling MISSIONS- Tons of letal GUNS and mortal WEAPONS- ADDICTING gameplay (FPS)- EASY and INTUITIVE controls- FREE game: play it both on your phone and tabletDOWNLOAD the app for FREE now and don't miss amazing NEW CONTENT on periodic UPDATES. If you like fighting games, you will love the cool Sniper 3D game!Not decided yet if you're UP to the CHALLENGE?Forget those dumb, repetitive shooting games. Here, your duty will include racing against time, exploding helicopters in american cities, and quite a few bloody headshots in slow motion. But can you solve the puzzle, save the victims and kill only the right target hidden in the crowd?Read what millions of extremely happy players have say about Sniper 3D. Check out our reviews!Sniper 3D Assassin is brought to you by Fun Games For Free. The best first person shooter action game! Be the best professional sniper in every environment! Hundreds of mission:"Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, do you copy?" The president needs your help. Find the target, aim, and shoot for an headshot on all the bad guys: Terrorists from isis, suicide bombers, dumb gangsters, thugs or corrupted cops...They don't stand a chance. Save the state secrets from the rogue agents and spies. Do you have the skills? Help your country in the massive nuclear competition. Be accurate and save the hostages and victims of the enemy. Help the resistance of the dictatorship. But be careful at every shot: every bullet must blow the target's head. And don't forget soldier: this is dangerous and you are alone! Fulfill your contract and you are rich. Fail, and you die. Unblock badass weapons and upgrade them with evolutions in the arsenal:Buy the best Sniper rifles, assault rifles, shotguns ou Pistols that exist with the gem you earn in the game! Upgrade the ammo, the grip, the calibre to get bullets that inflict more damage, better range, scope, stability, ou zoom. Will you choose the hunting rifle , the awesome assault mp5 or a gun Glock or colt in the armory? Play it anywhereSniper 3D does not require you to be always online in order to have fun. You can enjoy it in the subway, while flying on a (real) plane, in the car on the road, during services in a temple (or maybe even on toilet!). From time to time, it may be needed to download additional (free) content from internet. Limited data usageOur game will not consume tons of data from your mobile plan that you'd want to use instead to surf the web, watch youtube videos and listen to free music Compatibility and supportWe're continuously working (hard) so that all Android phones and tablets run the game smoothly. Please report any issue you may experience to fun+sniper3d@fungames-forfree.com DisclaimerSniper 3D Assassin is a free game but it contains mature content and optional in-app purchases for real money. You may want to keep away it from your kids and younger boys DOWNLOAD the app for FREE now and don't miss amazing NEW CONTENT on periodic UPDATES. If you like fighting games, you will love the cool Sniper 3D game!Not decided yet if you're UP to the CHALLENGE?Forget those dumb, repetitive shooting games. Here, your duty will include racing against time, exploding helicopters in american cities, and quite a few bloody headshots in slow motion. But can you solve the puzzle, save the victims and kill only the right target hidden in the crowd?Read what millions of extremely happy players have say about Sniper 3D. Check out our reviews!Sniper 3D Assassin is brought to you by Fun Games For Free. The best first person shooter action game! Be the best professional sniper in every environment! Hundreds of mission:"Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, do you copy?" The president needs your help. Find the target, aim, and shoot for an headshot on all the bad guys: Terrorists from isis, suicide bombers, dumb gangsters, thugs or corrupted cops...They don't stand a chance. Save the state secrets from the rogue agents and spies. Do you have the skills? Help your country in the massive nuclear competition. Be accurate and save the hostages and victims of the enemy. Help the resistance of the dictatorship. But be careful at every shot: every bullet must blow the target's head. And don't forget soldier: this is dangerous and you are alone! Fulfill your contract and you are rich. Fail, and you die. Unblock badass weapons and upgrade them with evolutions in the arsenal:Buy the best Sniper rifles, assault rifles, shotguns ou Pistols that exist with the gem you earn in the game! Upgrade the ammo, the grip, the calibre to get bullets that inflict more damage, better range, scope, stability, ou zoom. Will you choose the hunting rifle , the awesome assault mp5 or a gun Glock or colt in the armory? Play it anywhereSniper 3D does not require you to be always online in order to have fun. You can enjoy it in the subway, while flying on a (real) plane, in the car on the road, during services in a temple (or maybe even on toilet!). From time to time, it may be needed to download additional (free) content from internet. Limited data usageOur game will not consume tons of data from your mobile plan that you'd want to use instead to surf the web, watch youtube videos and listen to free music Compatibility and supportWe're continuously working (hard) so that all Android phones and tablets run the game smoothly. Please report any issue you may experience to fun+sniper3d@fungames-forfree.com DisclaimerSniper 3D Assassin is a free game but it contains mature content and optional in-app purchases for real money. You may want to keep away it from your kids and younger boys Not decided yet if you're UP to the CHALLENGE?Forget those dumb, repetitive shooting games. Here, your duty will include racing against time, exploding helicopters in american cities, and quite a few bloody headshots in slow motion. But can you solve the puzzle, save the victims and kill only the right target hidden in the crowd?Read what millions of extremely happy players have say about Sniper 3D. Check out our reviews!Sniper 3D Assassin is brought to you by Fun Games For Free. The best first person shooter action game! Be the best professional sniper in every environment! Hundreds of mission:"Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, do you copy?" The president needs your help. Find the target, aim, and shoot for an headshot on all the bad guys: Terrorists from isis, suicide bombers, dumb gangsters, thugs or corrupted cops...They don't stand a chance. Save the state secrets from the rogue agents and spies. Do you have the skills? Help your country in the massive nuclear competition. Be accurate and save the hostages and victims of the enemy. Help the resistance of the dictatorship. But be careful at every shot: every bullet must blow the target's head. And don't forget soldier: this is dangerous and you are alone! Fulfill your contract and you are rich. Fail, and you die. Unblock badass weapons and upgrade them with evolutions in the arsenal:Buy the best Sniper rifles, assault rifles, shotguns ou Pistols that exist with the gem you earn in the game! Upgrade the ammo, the grip, the calibre to get bullets that inflict more damage, better range, scope, stability, ou zoom. Will you choose the hunting rifle , the awesome assault mp5 or a gun Glock or colt in the armory? Play it anywhereSniper 3D does not require you to be always online in order to have fun. You can enjoy it in the subway, while flying on a (real) plane, in the car on the road, during services in a temple (or maybe even on toilet!). From time to time, it may be needed to download additional (free) content from internet. Limited data usageOur game will not consume tons of data from your mobile plan that you'd want to use instead to surf the web, watch youtube videos and listen to free music Compatibility and supportWe're continuously working (hard) so that all Android phones and tablets run the game smoothly. Please report any issue you may experience to fun+sniper3d@fungames-forfree.com DisclaimerSniper 3D Assassin is a free game but it contains mature content and optional in-app purchases for real money. You may want to keep away it from your kids and younger boys Forget those dumb, repetitive shooting games. Here, your duty will include racing against time, exploding helicopters in american cities, and quite a few bloody headshots in slow motion. But can you solve the puzzle, save the victims and kill only the right target hidden in the crowd?Read what millions of extremely happy players have say about Sniper 3D. Check out our reviews!Sniper 3D Assassin is brought to you by Fun Games For Free. The best first person shooter action game! Be the best professional sniper in every environment! Hundreds of mission:"Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, do you copy?" The president needs your help. Find the target, aim, and shoot for an headshot on all the bad guys: Terrorists from isis, suicide bombers, dumb gangsters, thugs or corrupted cops...They don't stand a chance. Save the state secrets from the rogue agents and spies. Do you have the skills? Help your country in the massive nuclear competition. Be accurate and save the hostages and victims of the enemy. Help the resistance of the dictatorship. But be careful at every shot: every bullet must blow the target's head. And don't forget soldier: this is dangerous and you are alone! Fulfill your contract and you are rich. Fail, and you die. Unblock badass weapons and upgrade them with evolutions in the arsenal:Buy the best Sniper rifles, assault rifles, shotguns ou Pistols that exist with the gem you earn in the game! Upgrade the ammo, the grip, the calibre to get bullets that inflict more damage, better range, scope, stability, ou zoom. Will you choose the hunting rifle , the awesome assault mp5 or a gun Glock or colt in the armory? Play it anywhereSniper 3D does not require you to be always online in order to have fun. You can enjoy it in the subway, while flying on a (real) plane, in the car on the road, during services in a temple (or maybe even on toilet!). From time to time, it may be needed to download additional (free) content from internet. Limited data usageOur game will not consume tons of data from your mobile plan that you'd want to use instead to surf the web, watch youtube videos and listen to free music Compatibility and supportWe're continuously working (hard) so that all Android phones and tablets run the game smoothly. Please report any issue you may experience to fun+sniper3d@fungames-forfree.com DisclaimerSniper 3D Assassin is a free game but it contains mature content and optional in-app purchases for real money. You may want to keep away it from your kids and younger boys Read what millions of extremely happy players have say about Sniper 3D. Check out our reviews!Sniper 3D Assassin is brought to you by Fun Games For Free. The best first person shooter action game! Be the best professional sniper in every environment! Hundreds of mission:"Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, do you copy?" The president needs your help. Find the target, aim, and shoot for an headshot on all the bad guys: Terrorists from isis, suicide bombers, dumb gangsters, thugs or corrupted cops...They don't stand a chance. Save the state secrets from the rogue agents and spies. Do you have the skills? Help your country in the massive nuclear competition. Be accurate and save the hostages and victims of the enemy. Help the resistance of the dictatorship. But be careful at every shot: every bullet must blow the target's head. And don't forget soldier: this is dangerous and you are alone! Fulfill your contract and you are rich. Fail, and you die. Unblock badass weapons and upgrade them with evolutions in the arsenal:Buy the best Sniper rifles, assault rifles, shotguns ou Pistols that exist with the gem you earn in the game! Upgrade the ammo, the grip, the calibre to get bullets that inflict more damage, better range, scope, stability, ou zoom. Will you choose the hunting rifle , the awesome assault mp5 or a gun Glock or colt in the armory? Play it anywhereSniper 3D does not require you to be always online in order to have fun. You can enjoy it in the subway, while flying on a (real) plane, in the car on the road, during services in a temple (or maybe even on toilet!). From time to time, it may be needed to download additional (free) content from internet. Limited data usageOur game will not consume tons of data from your mobile plan that you'd want to use instead to surf the web, watch youtube videos and listen to free music Compatibility and supportWe're continuously working (hard) so that all Android phones and tablets run the game smoothly. Please report any issue you may experience to fun+sniper3d@fungames-forfree.com DisclaimerSniper 3D Assassin is a free game but it contains mature content and optional in-app purchases for real money. You may want to keep away it from your kids and younger boys Sniper 3D Assassin is brought to you by Fun Games For Free. The best first person shooter action game! Be the best professional sniper in every environment! Hundreds of mission:"Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, do you copy?" The president needs your help. Find the target, aim, and shoot for an headshot on all the bad guys: Terrorists from isis, suicide bombers, dumb gangsters, thugs or corrupted cops...They don't stand a chance. Save the state secrets from the rogue agents and spies. Do you have the skills? Help your country in the massive nuclear competition. Be accurate and save the hostages and victims of the enemy. Help the resistance of the dictatorship. But be careful at every shot: every bullet must blow the target's head. And don't forget soldier: this is dangerous and you are alone! Fulfill your contract and you are rich. Fail, and you die. Unblock badass weapons and upgrade them with evolutions in the arsenal:Buy the best Sniper rifles, assault rifles, shotguns ou Pistols that exist with the gem you earn in the game! Upgrade the ammo, the grip, the calibre to get bullets that inflict more damage, better range, scope, stability, ou zoom. Will you choose the hunting rifle , the awesome assault mp5 or a gun Glock or colt in the armory? Play it anywhereSniper 3D does not require you to be always online in order to have fun. You can enjoy it in the subway, while flying on a (real) plane, in the car on the road, during services in a temple (or maybe even on toilet!). From time to time, it may be needed to download additional (free) content from internet. Limited data usageOur game will not consume tons of data from your mobile plan that you'd want to use instead to surf the web, watch youtube videos and listen to free music Compatibility and supportWe're continuously working (hard) so that all Android phones and tablets run the game smoothly. Please report any issue you may experience to fun+sniper3d@fungames-forfree.com DisclaimerSniper 3D Assassin is a free game but it contains mature content and optional in-app purchases for real money. You may want to keep away it from your kids and younger boys The best first person shooter action game! Be the best professional sniper in every environment! Hundreds of mission:"Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, do you copy?" The president needs your help. Find the target, aim, and shoot for an headshot on all the bad guys: Terrorists from isis, suicide bombers, dumb gangsters, thugs or corrupted cops...They don't stand a chance. Save the state secrets from the rogue agents and spies. Do you have the skills? Help your country in the massive nuclear competition. Be accurate and save the hostages and victims of the enemy. Help the resistance of the dictatorship. But be careful at every shot: every bullet must blow the target's head. And don't forget soldier: this is dangerous and you are alone! Fulfill your contract and you are rich. Fail, and you die. Unblock badass weapons and upgrade them with evolutions in the arsenal:Buy the best Sniper rifles, assault rifles, shotguns ou Pistols that exist with the gem you earn in the game! Upgrade the ammo, the grip, the calibre to get bullets that inflict more damage, better range, scope, stability, ou zoom. Will you choose the hunting rifle , the awesome assault mp5 or a gun Glock or colt in the armory? Play it anywhereSniper 3D does not require you to be always online in order to have fun. You can enjoy it in the subway, while flying on a (real) plane, in the car on the road, during services in a temple (or maybe even on toilet!). From time to time, it may be needed to download additional (free) content from internet. Limited data usageOur game will not consume tons of data from your mobile plan that you'd want to use instead to surf the web, watch youtube videos and listen to free music Compatibility and supportWe're continuously working (hard) so that all Android phones and tablets run the game smoothly. Please report any issue you may experience to fun+sniper3d@fungames-forfree.com DisclaimerSniper 3D Assassin is a free game but it contains mature content and optional in-app purchases for real money. You may want to keep away it from your kids and younger boys  Hundreds of mission:"Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, do you copy?" The president needs your help. Find the target, aim, and shoot for an headshot on all the bad guys: Terrorists from isis, suicide bombers, dumb gangsters, thugs or corrupted cops...They don't stand a chance. Save the state secrets from the rogue agents and spies. Do you have the skills? Help your country in the massive nuclear competition. Be accurate and save the hostages and victims of the enemy. Help the resistance of the dictatorship. But be careful at every shot: every bullet must blow the target's head. And don't forget soldier: this is dangerous and you are alone! Fulfill your contract and you are rich. Fail, and you die. Unblock badass weapons and upgrade them with evolutions in the arsenal:Buy the best Sniper rifles, assault rifles, shotguns ou Pistols that exist with the gem you earn in the game! Upgrade the ammo, the grip, the calibre to get bullets that inflict more damage, better range, scope, stability, ou zoom. Will you choose the hunting rifle , the awesome assault mp5 or a gun Glock or colt in the armory? Play it anywhereSniper 3D does not require you to be always online in order to have fun. You can enjoy it in the subway, while flying on a (real) plane, in the car on the road, during services in a temple (or maybe even on toilet!). From time to time, it may be needed to download additional (free) content from internet. Limited data usageOur game will not consume tons of data from your mobile plan that you'd want to use instead to surf the web, watch youtube videos and listen to free music Compatibility and supportWe're continuously working (hard) so that all Android phones and tablets run the game smoothly. Please report any issue you may experience to fun+sniper3d@fungames-forfree.com DisclaimerSniper 3D Assassin is a free game but it contains mature content and optional in-app purchases for real money. You may want to keep away it from your kids and younger boys  Unblock badass weapons and upgrade them with evolutions in the arsenal:Buy the best Sniper rifles, assault rifles, shotguns ou Pistols that exist with the gem you earn in the game! Upgrade the ammo, the grip, the calibre to get bullets that inflict more damage, better range, scope, stability, ou zoom. Will you choose the hunting rifle , the awesome assault mp5 or a gun Glock or colt in the armory? Play it anywhereSniper 3D does not require you to be always online in order to have fun. You can enjoy it in the subway, while flying on a (real) plane, in the car on the road, during services in a temple (or maybe even on toilet!). From time to time, it may be needed to download additional (free) content from internet. Limited data usageOur game will not consume tons of data from your mobile plan that you'd want to use instead to surf the web, watch youtube videos and listen to free music Compatibility and supportWe're continuously working (hard) so that all Android phones and tablets run the game smoothly. Please report any issue you may experience to fun+sniper3d@fungames-forfree.com DisclaimerSniper 3D Assassin is a free game but it contains mature content and optional in-app purchases for real money. You may want to keep away it from your kids and younger boys  Play it anywhereSniper 3D does not require you to be always online in order to have fun. You can enjoy it in the subway, while flying on a (real) plane, in the car on the road, during services in a temple (or maybe even on toilet!). From time to time, it may be needed to download additional (free) content from internet. Limited data usageOur game will not consume tons of data from your mobile plan that you'd want to use instead to surf the web, watch youtube videos and listen to free music Compatibility and supportWe're continuously working (hard) so that all Android phones and tablets run the game smoothly. Please report any issue you may experience to fun+sniper3d@fungames-forfree.com DisclaimerSniper 3D Assassin is a free game but it contains mature content and optional in-app purchases for real money. You may want to keep away it from your kids and younger boys  Limited data usageOur game will not consume tons of data from your mobile plan that you'd want to use instead to surf the web, watch youtube videos and listen to free music Compatibility and supportWe're continuously working (hard) so that all Android phones and tablets run the game smoothly. Please report any issue you may experience to fun+sniper3d@fungames-forfree.com DisclaimerSniper 3D Assassin is a free game but it contains mature content and optional in-app purchases for real money. You may want to keep away it from your kids and younger boys  Compatibility and supportWe're continuously working (hard) so that all Android phones and tablets run the game smoothly. Please report any issue you may experience to fun+sniper3d@fungames-forfree.com DisclaimerSniper 3D Assassin is a free game but it contains mature content and optional in-app purchases for real money. You may want to keep away it from your kids and younger boys  DisclaimerSniper 3D Assassin is a free game but it contains mature content and optional in-app purchases for real money. You may want to keep away it from your kids and younger boys
Manage your team of adventurers as you raid the local dungeon for treasure! Upgrade your tavern, purchase new sodas, and attract new party members. Gold, legendary items, and more await you!
Are you ready to rock? Music lovers agree this is one of the most addictive games ever!* 2013 Webby Award People's Voice Winner - Social Gaming (Handheld Devices)* Top Rated Social Game of 2012 - Facebook* "I will not rest until every genre has been unlocked and mastered." - KotakuSIMPLE, FAST & FUN* Challenge your friends or play with other music fans* Hear song clips from thousands of ORIGINAL artists in over 300 genres* Guess the artist or song faster than your friends* Unlock more songs, more playlists and become a true music master!WHATEVER YOUR MUSIC STYLE, WEVE GOT YOU COVERED* Today's Hits to Classic Rock* Country to Rap and Hip-Hop* Young Pop Stars to Indie and Latin Hits* Collections for every decade: 2000s, 90s, 80s, 70s, 60s and more!* New music & playlists added every week to keep it freshMORE WAYS TO ENJOY THE MUSIC YOU LOVE ON SONGPOP* See which artists are on tour near you!* Watch music videos of your favorite songs on YouTube* Share your favorite songs with your SongPop chat buddies* Easily find other players who share your song tastes SIMPLE, FAST & FUN* Challenge your friends or play with other music fans* Hear song clips from thousands of ORIGINAL artists in over 300 genres* Guess the artist or song faster than your friends* Unlock more songs, more playlists and become a true music master!WHATEVER YOUR MUSIC STYLE, WEVE GOT YOU COVERED* Today's Hits to Classic Rock* Country to Rap and Hip-Hop* Young Pop Stars to Indie and Latin Hits* Collections for every decade: 2000s, 90s, 80s, 70s, 60s and more!* New music & playlists added every week to keep it freshMORE WAYS TO ENJOY THE MUSIC YOU LOVE ON SONGPOP* See which artists are on tour near you!* Watch music videos of your favorite songs on YouTube* Share your favorite songs with your SongPop chat buddies* Easily find other players who share your song tastes WHATEVER YOUR MUSIC STYLE, WEVE GOT YOU COVERED* Today's Hits to Classic Rock* Country to Rap and Hip-Hop* Young Pop Stars to Indie and Latin Hits* Collections for every decade: 2000s, 90s, 80s, 70s, 60s and more!* New music & playlists added every week to keep it freshMORE WAYS TO ENJOY THE MUSIC YOU LOVE ON SONGPOP* See which artists are on tour near you!* Watch music videos of your favorite songs on YouTube* Share your favorite songs with your SongPop chat buddies* Easily find other players who share your song tastes MORE WAYS TO ENJOY THE MUSIC YOU LOVE ON SONGPOP* See which artists are on tour near you!* Watch music videos of your favorite songs on YouTube* Share your favorite songs with your SongPop chat buddies* Easily find other players who share your song tastes
Listen to more than 100,000 real music clips from artists like Taylor Swift, Katy Perry, One Direction, Bon Jovi and more! Guess the correct artist and title as fast as you can. Challenge your friends and compete against music lovers worldwide! Master playlists and claim your trophies!Whats New? PARTY MODE: Compete against hundreds of players in daily multiplayer tournaments! Can you get the most prestigious badges? MEET MELODY: Practice in solo mode with Melody, the SongPop mascot. TRY FOR FREE: All playlists are free to try. Buy your favorites and challenge your friends.MUSIC TRIVIA FOR ALL Quiz yourself on dozens of music genre: Today's Hits, Classic Rock, Country, Rap, Hip-Hop Pop, Indie, Latin Hits, and more! Collections for every decade: 2010s, 2000s, 90s, 80s, 70s, 60s and more! New music & playlists added every week! Whats New? PARTY MODE: Compete against hundreds of players in daily multiplayer tournaments! Can you get the most prestigious badges? MEET MELODY: Practice in solo mode with Melody, the SongPop mascot. TRY FOR FREE: All playlists are free to try. Buy your favorites and challenge your friends.MUSIC TRIVIA FOR ALL Quiz yourself on dozens of music genre: Today's Hits, Classic Rock, Country, Rap, Hip-Hop Pop, Indie, Latin Hits, and more! Collections for every decade: 2010s, 2000s, 90s, 80s, 70s, 60s and more! New music & playlists added every week! MUSIC TRIVIA FOR ALL Quiz yourself on dozens of music genre: Today's Hits, Classic Rock, Country, Rap, Hip-Hop Pop, Indie, Latin Hits, and more! Collections for every decade: 2010s, 2000s, 90s, 80s, 70s, 60s and more! New music & playlists added every week!
*** SPECIAL SALE PRICE -- SORCERY! 4 CONCLUDES THE SERIES 22nd SEP ***From legendary designer Steve Jackson, co-founder of Lionhead Studios (with Peter Molyneux), and Fighting Fantasy and Games Workshop (with Ian Livingstone); and inkle, the studio behind the award-winning Frankenstein app, Sorcery! is an interactive adventure like never before."You should choose to own this adventure" -- Eurogamer"Inkle's adaptation of Sorcery! takes the genre to a whole new level" -- Kotaku"This is some of 2013s best interactive storytelling" -- IGN UK"Beautifully realised ... this gripping tale has us well and truly hooked" -- Pocket Gamer (Gold Award)"Incredibly impressed" -- Touch Arcade"Sometimes I feel like I'm wasting my time writing a review when I should really just be pointing at a game and demanding that people play it. This is one of those times. Steve Jackson's Sorcery! is an absolutely marvellous fantasy storybook adventure. Lushly illustrated and expertly told, it should not be missed by anyone even remotely interested in the genre." -- Gamezebo"Lets not mince words here... Sorcerys unique blend of tabletop-like roleplaying (including an incredible combat system quite unlike anything Ive seen before), and elaborate branching pathways with custom scripts preserving the feeling of Steve Jacksons work make me now want to no, HAVE TO acquire it" - Just Press StartThe app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do, and in combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche, new character art by Eddie Sharam (DC Comics), an interactive map by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast)."The Shamutanti Hills" is Part 1 of 4. Part 2, "Khar: Cityport of Traps", is coming soon to the Play Store! (Part 2 will load all of your completed Part 1 games to continue your adventure.) From legendary designer Steve Jackson, co-founder of Lionhead Studios (with Peter Molyneux), and Fighting Fantasy and Games Workshop (with Ian Livingstone); and inkle, the studio behind the award-winning Frankenstein app, Sorcery! is an interactive adventure like never before."You should choose to own this adventure" -- Eurogamer"Inkle's adaptation of Sorcery! takes the genre to a whole new level" -- Kotaku"This is some of 2013s best interactive storytelling" -- IGN UK"Beautifully realised ... this gripping tale has us well and truly hooked" -- Pocket Gamer (Gold Award)"Incredibly impressed" -- Touch Arcade"Sometimes I feel like I'm wasting my time writing a review when I should really just be pointing at a game and demanding that people play it. This is one of those times. Steve Jackson's Sorcery! is an absolutely marvellous fantasy storybook adventure. Lushly illustrated and expertly told, it should not be missed by anyone even remotely interested in the genre." -- Gamezebo"Lets not mince words here... Sorcerys unique blend of tabletop-like roleplaying (including an incredible combat system quite unlike anything Ive seen before), and elaborate branching pathways with custom scripts preserving the feeling of Steve Jacksons work make me now want to no, HAVE TO acquire it" - Just Press StartThe app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do, and in combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche, new character art by Eddie Sharam (DC Comics), an interactive map by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast)."The Shamutanti Hills" is Part 1 of 4. Part 2, "Khar: Cityport of Traps", is coming soon to the Play Store! (Part 2 will load all of your completed Part 1 games to continue your adventure.) "You should choose to own this adventure" -- Eurogamer"Inkle's adaptation of Sorcery! takes the genre to a whole new level" -- Kotaku"This is some of 2013s best interactive storytelling" -- IGN UK"Beautifully realised ... this gripping tale has us well and truly hooked" -- Pocket Gamer (Gold Award)"Incredibly impressed" -- Touch Arcade"Sometimes I feel like I'm wasting my time writing a review when I should really just be pointing at a game and demanding that people play it. This is one of those times. Steve Jackson's Sorcery! is an absolutely marvellous fantasy storybook adventure. Lushly illustrated and expertly told, it should not be missed by anyone even remotely interested in the genre." -- Gamezebo"Lets not mince words here... Sorcerys unique blend of tabletop-like roleplaying (including an incredible combat system quite unlike anything Ive seen before), and elaborate branching pathways with custom scripts preserving the feeling of Steve Jacksons work make me now want to no, HAVE TO acquire it" - Just Press StartThe app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do, and in combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche, new character art by Eddie Sharam (DC Comics), an interactive map by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast)."The Shamutanti Hills" is Part 1 of 4. Part 2, "Khar: Cityport of Traps", is coming soon to the Play Store! (Part 2 will load all of your completed Part 1 games to continue your adventure.) "Inkle's adaptation of Sorcery! takes the genre to a whole new level" -- Kotaku"This is some of 2013s best interactive storytelling" -- IGN UK"Beautifully realised ... this gripping tale has us well and truly hooked" -- Pocket Gamer (Gold Award)"Incredibly impressed" -- Touch Arcade"Sometimes I feel like I'm wasting my time writing a review when I should really just be pointing at a game and demanding that people play it. This is one of those times. Steve Jackson's Sorcery! is an absolutely marvellous fantasy storybook adventure. Lushly illustrated and expertly told, it should not be missed by anyone even remotely interested in the genre." -- Gamezebo"Lets not mince words here... Sorcerys unique blend of tabletop-like roleplaying (including an incredible combat system quite unlike anything Ive seen before), and elaborate branching pathways with custom scripts preserving the feeling of Steve Jacksons work make me now want to no, HAVE TO acquire it" - Just Press StartThe app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do, and in combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche, new character art by Eddie Sharam (DC Comics), an interactive map by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast)."The Shamutanti Hills" is Part 1 of 4. Part 2, "Khar: Cityport of Traps", is coming soon to the Play Store! (Part 2 will load all of your completed Part 1 games to continue your adventure.) "This is some of 2013s best interactive storytelling" -- IGN UK"Beautifully realised ... this gripping tale has us well and truly hooked" -- Pocket Gamer (Gold Award)"Incredibly impressed" -- Touch Arcade"Sometimes I feel like I'm wasting my time writing a review when I should really just be pointing at a game and demanding that people play it. This is one of those times. Steve Jackson's Sorcery! is an absolutely marvellous fantasy storybook adventure. Lushly illustrated and expertly told, it should not be missed by anyone even remotely interested in the genre." -- Gamezebo"Lets not mince words here... Sorcerys unique blend of tabletop-like roleplaying (including an incredible combat system quite unlike anything Ive seen before), and elaborate branching pathways with custom scripts preserving the feeling of Steve Jacksons work make me now want to no, HAVE TO acquire it" - Just Press StartThe app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do, and in combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche, new character art by Eddie Sharam (DC Comics), an interactive map by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast)."The Shamutanti Hills" is Part 1 of 4. Part 2, "Khar: Cityport of Traps", is coming soon to the Play Store! (Part 2 will load all of your completed Part 1 games to continue your adventure.) "Beautifully realised ... this gripping tale has us well and truly hooked" -- Pocket Gamer (Gold Award)"Incredibly impressed" -- Touch Arcade"Sometimes I feel like I'm wasting my time writing a review when I should really just be pointing at a game and demanding that people play it. This is one of those times. Steve Jackson's Sorcery! is an absolutely marvellous fantasy storybook adventure. Lushly illustrated and expertly told, it should not be missed by anyone even remotely interested in the genre." -- Gamezebo"Lets not mince words here... Sorcerys unique blend of tabletop-like roleplaying (including an incredible combat system quite unlike anything Ive seen before), and elaborate branching pathways with custom scripts preserving the feeling of Steve Jacksons work make me now want to no, HAVE TO acquire it" - Just Press StartThe app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do, and in combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche, new character art by Eddie Sharam (DC Comics), an interactive map by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast)."The Shamutanti Hills" is Part 1 of 4. Part 2, "Khar: Cityport of Traps", is coming soon to the Play Store! (Part 2 will load all of your completed Part 1 games to continue your adventure.) "Incredibly impressed" -- Touch Arcade"Sometimes I feel like I'm wasting my time writing a review when I should really just be pointing at a game and demanding that people play it. This is one of those times. Steve Jackson's Sorcery! is an absolutely marvellous fantasy storybook adventure. Lushly illustrated and expertly told, it should not be missed by anyone even remotely interested in the genre." -- Gamezebo"Lets not mince words here... Sorcerys unique blend of tabletop-like roleplaying (including an incredible combat system quite unlike anything Ive seen before), and elaborate branching pathways with custom scripts preserving the feeling of Steve Jacksons work make me now want to no, HAVE TO acquire it" - Just Press StartThe app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do, and in combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche, new character art by Eddie Sharam (DC Comics), an interactive map by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast)."The Shamutanti Hills" is Part 1 of 4. Part 2, "Khar: Cityport of Traps", is coming soon to the Play Store! (Part 2 will load all of your completed Part 1 games to continue your adventure.) "Sometimes I feel like I'm wasting my time writing a review when I should really just be pointing at a game and demanding that people play it. This is one of those times. Steve Jackson's Sorcery! is an absolutely marvellous fantasy storybook adventure. Lushly illustrated and expertly told, it should not be missed by anyone even remotely interested in the genre." -- Gamezebo"Lets not mince words here... Sorcerys unique blend of tabletop-like roleplaying (including an incredible combat system quite unlike anything Ive seen before), and elaborate branching pathways with custom scripts preserving the feeling of Steve Jacksons work make me now want to no, HAVE TO acquire it" - Just Press StartThe app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do, and in combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche, new character art by Eddie Sharam (DC Comics), an interactive map by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast)."The Shamutanti Hills" is Part 1 of 4. Part 2, "Khar: Cityport of Traps", is coming soon to the Play Store! (Part 2 will load all of your completed Part 1 games to continue your adventure.) "Lets not mince words here... Sorcerys unique blend of tabletop-like roleplaying (including an incredible combat system quite unlike anything Ive seen before), and elaborate branching pathways with custom scripts preserving the feeling of Steve Jacksons work make me now want to no, HAVE TO acquire it" - Just Press StartThe app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do, and in combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche, new character art by Eddie Sharam (DC Comics), an interactive map by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast)."The Shamutanti Hills" is Part 1 of 4. Part 2, "Khar: Cityport of Traps", is coming soon to the Play Store! (Part 2 will load all of your completed Part 1 games to continue your adventure.) The app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do, and in combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche, new character art by Eddie Sharam (DC Comics), an interactive map by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast)."The Shamutanti Hills" is Part 1 of 4. Part 2, "Khar: Cityport of Traps", is coming soon to the Play Store! (Part 2 will load all of your completed Part 1 games to continue your adventure.) Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche, new character art by Eddie Sharam (DC Comics), an interactive map by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast)."The Shamutanti Hills" is Part 1 of 4. Part 2, "Khar: Cityport of Traps", is coming soon to the Play Store! (Part 2 will load all of your completed Part 1 games to continue your adventure.) "The Shamutanti Hills" is Part 1 of 4. Part 2, "Khar: Cityport of Traps", is coming soon to the Play Store! (Part 2 will load all of your completed Part 1 games to continue your adventure.)
*** SPECIAL SALE PRICE -- SORCERY! 4 CONCLUDES THE SERIES 22nd SEP ***An epic adventure through Khar: Cityport of Traps. Begin your story here! (Part 1 not required.)"Another spectacular rendition of classic interactive fiction" - (Kotaku) "Fantastic, and you should buy it" - 5/5 (Gamezebo) "Bigger, better, stronger" - 4.5/5, Editor's Choice (148Apps) Top 20 Mobile Game of 2013, Touch Arcade Top 25 Mobile Game of 2013, Gamezebo "I love this app... Its better than any gamebook ever was in your head when you were a kid" - 5/5, Interactive Fiction Game of the Year (Pocket Tactics) "With a seemingly endless number of outcomes, Sorcery 2 offers hours upon hours of gameplay... one of the best games of 2013, and adventure fans, you can't afford to miss it" - 5/5 (Examiner.com) Dare you journey into Khar, a town of thieves and murderers on the brink of destruction? + Fully interactive story written on fly around on your actions and choices + Plot your own path down every street of the hand-drawn 3D city map + Go down into the sewers, aboard ship, or inside buildings with new interior maps + 3D spell-casting system: cast over 48 spells, with weird and wonderful story-changing effects + New gambling game: can you outwit the citizens of Khar at Swindlestones? + Over thirty different monsters to fight with our unique strategic combat + More than double the content of Part 1: over 300,000 words, with 10,000 choices, and every one is remembered + Play as a male or female hero + Start your adventure from here - or load your characters from Part 1 "A terrific adventure - one fraught with danger, rich in atmosphere, and pleasingly flexible in terms of how you shape its twisting, twisted narrative" - 8/10 (Pocket Gamer) "Wonderful for genre fans and novices alike" - 4.5/5 (TouchArcade) "An excellent experience" - 90% (4Players.de) Khar is brimming with things to do and creatures to meet. Visit the Festival of Thieves, battle a ghost, escape from slavers, gamble your fortune at the Halls of Vlada, drink at the tavern, worship strange Gods, and much much more. Will you uncover the secrets of the city, overthrow the Council, destroy an invading army, or leave Khar to burn? From legendary designer Steve Jackson, co-founder of Lionhead Studios (with Peter Molyneux), and Fighting Fantasy and Games Workshop (with Ian Livingstone), and designed and adapted by inkle, the app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do. In combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche and maps by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast). "Khar: Cityport of Traps" is Part 2 of 4. Part 1 is out now and Part 3, "The Seven Serpents", is coming in late 2014. An epic adventure through Khar: Cityport of Traps. Begin your story here! (Part 1 not required.)"Another spectacular rendition of classic interactive fiction" - (Kotaku) "Fantastic, and you should buy it" - 5/5 (Gamezebo) "Bigger, better, stronger" - 4.5/5, Editor's Choice (148Apps) Top 20 Mobile Game of 2013, Touch Arcade Top 25 Mobile Game of 2013, Gamezebo "I love this app... Its better than any gamebook ever was in your head when you were a kid" - 5/5, Interactive Fiction Game of the Year (Pocket Tactics) "With a seemingly endless number of outcomes, Sorcery 2 offers hours upon hours of gameplay... one of the best games of 2013, and adventure fans, you can't afford to miss it" - 5/5 (Examiner.com) Dare you journey into Khar, a town of thieves and murderers on the brink of destruction? + Fully interactive story written on fly around on your actions and choices + Plot your own path down every street of the hand-drawn 3D city map + Go down into the sewers, aboard ship, or inside buildings with new interior maps + 3D spell-casting system: cast over 48 spells, with weird and wonderful story-changing effects + New gambling game: can you outwit the citizens of Khar at Swindlestones? + Over thirty different monsters to fight with our unique strategic combat + More than double the content of Part 1: over 300,000 words, with 10,000 choices, and every one is remembered + Play as a male or female hero + Start your adventure from here - or load your characters from Part 1 "A terrific adventure - one fraught with danger, rich in atmosphere, and pleasingly flexible in terms of how you shape its twisting, twisted narrative" - 8/10 (Pocket Gamer) "Wonderful for genre fans and novices alike" - 4.5/5 (TouchArcade) "An excellent experience" - 90% (4Players.de) Khar is brimming with things to do and creatures to meet. Visit the Festival of Thieves, battle a ghost, escape from slavers, gamble your fortune at the Halls of Vlada, drink at the tavern, worship strange Gods, and much much more. Will you uncover the secrets of the city, overthrow the Council, destroy an invading army, or leave Khar to burn? From legendary designer Steve Jackson, co-founder of Lionhead Studios (with Peter Molyneux), and Fighting Fantasy and Games Workshop (with Ian Livingstone), and designed and adapted by inkle, the app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do. In combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche and maps by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast). "Khar: Cityport of Traps" is Part 2 of 4. Part 1 is out now and Part 3, "The Seven Serpents", is coming in late 2014. "Another spectacular rendition of classic interactive fiction" - (Kotaku) "Fantastic, and you should buy it" - 5/5 (Gamezebo) "Bigger, better, stronger" - 4.5/5, Editor's Choice (148Apps) Top 20 Mobile Game of 2013, Touch Arcade Top 25 Mobile Game of 2013, Gamezebo "I love this app... Its better than any gamebook ever was in your head when you were a kid" - 5/5, Interactive Fiction Game of the Year (Pocket Tactics) "With a seemingly endless number of outcomes, Sorcery 2 offers hours upon hours of gameplay... one of the best games of 2013, and adventure fans, you can't afford to miss it" - 5/5 (Examiner.com) Dare you journey into Khar, a town of thieves and murderers on the brink of destruction? + Fully interactive story written on fly around on your actions and choices + Plot your own path down every street of the hand-drawn 3D city map + Go down into the sewers, aboard ship, or inside buildings with new interior maps + 3D spell-casting system: cast over 48 spells, with weird and wonderful story-changing effects + New gambling game: can you outwit the citizens of Khar at Swindlestones? + Over thirty different monsters to fight with our unique strategic combat + More than double the content of Part 1: over 300,000 words, with 10,000 choices, and every one is remembered + Play as a male or female hero + Start your adventure from here - or load your characters from Part 1 "A terrific adventure - one fraught with danger, rich in atmosphere, and pleasingly flexible in terms of how you shape its twisting, twisted narrative" - 8/10 (Pocket Gamer) "Wonderful for genre fans and novices alike" - 4.5/5 (TouchArcade) "An excellent experience" - 90% (4Players.de) Khar is brimming with things to do and creatures to meet. Visit the Festival of Thieves, battle a ghost, escape from slavers, gamble your fortune at the Halls of Vlada, drink at the tavern, worship strange Gods, and much much more. Will you uncover the secrets of the city, overthrow the Council, destroy an invading army, or leave Khar to burn? From legendary designer Steve Jackson, co-founder of Lionhead Studios (with Peter Molyneux), and Fighting Fantasy and Games Workshop (with Ian Livingstone), and designed and adapted by inkle, the app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do. In combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche and maps by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast). "Khar: Cityport of Traps" is Part 2 of 4. Part 1 is out now and Part 3, "The Seven Serpents", is coming in late 2014. "Fantastic, and you should buy it" - 5/5 (Gamezebo) "Bigger, better, stronger" - 4.5/5, Editor's Choice (148Apps) Top 20 Mobile Game of 2013, Touch Arcade Top 25 Mobile Game of 2013, Gamezebo "I love this app... Its better than any gamebook ever was in your head when you were a kid" - 5/5, Interactive Fiction Game of the Year (Pocket Tactics) "With a seemingly endless number of outcomes, Sorcery 2 offers hours upon hours of gameplay... one of the best games of 2013, and adventure fans, you can't afford to miss it" - 5/5 (Examiner.com) Dare you journey into Khar, a town of thieves and murderers on the brink of destruction? + Fully interactive story written on fly around on your actions and choices + Plot your own path down every street of the hand-drawn 3D city map + Go down into the sewers, aboard ship, or inside buildings with new interior maps + 3D spell-casting system: cast over 48 spells, with weird and wonderful story-changing effects + New gambling game: can you outwit the citizens of Khar at Swindlestones? + Over thirty different monsters to fight with our unique strategic combat + More than double the content of Part 1: over 300,000 words, with 10,000 choices, and every one is remembered + Play as a male or female hero + Start your adventure from here - or load your characters from Part 1 "A terrific adventure - one fraught with danger, rich in atmosphere, and pleasingly flexible in terms of how you shape its twisting, twisted narrative" - 8/10 (Pocket Gamer) "Wonderful for genre fans and novices alike" - 4.5/5 (TouchArcade) "An excellent experience" - 90% (4Players.de) Khar is brimming with things to do and creatures to meet. Visit the Festival of Thieves, battle a ghost, escape from slavers, gamble your fortune at the Halls of Vlada, drink at the tavern, worship strange Gods, and much much more. Will you uncover the secrets of the city, overthrow the Council, destroy an invading army, or leave Khar to burn? From legendary designer Steve Jackson, co-founder of Lionhead Studios (with Peter Molyneux), and Fighting Fantasy and Games Workshop (with Ian Livingstone), and designed and adapted by inkle, the app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do. In combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche and maps by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast). "Khar: Cityport of Traps" is Part 2 of 4. Part 1 is out now and Part 3, "The Seven Serpents", is coming in late 2014. "Bigger, better, stronger" - 4.5/5, Editor's Choice (148Apps) Top 20 Mobile Game of 2013, Touch Arcade Top 25 Mobile Game of 2013, Gamezebo "I love this app... Its better than any gamebook ever was in your head when you were a kid" - 5/5, Interactive Fiction Game of the Year (Pocket Tactics) "With a seemingly endless number of outcomes, Sorcery 2 offers hours upon hours of gameplay... one of the best games of 2013, and adventure fans, you can't afford to miss it" - 5/5 (Examiner.com) Dare you journey into Khar, a town of thieves and murderers on the brink of destruction? + Fully interactive story written on fly around on your actions and choices + Plot your own path down every street of the hand-drawn 3D city map + Go down into the sewers, aboard ship, or inside buildings with new interior maps + 3D spell-casting system: cast over 48 spells, with weird and wonderful story-changing effects + New gambling game: can you outwit the citizens of Khar at Swindlestones? + Over thirty different monsters to fight with our unique strategic combat + More than double the content of Part 1: over 300,000 words, with 10,000 choices, and every one is remembered + Play as a male or female hero + Start your adventure from here - or load your characters from Part 1 "A terrific adventure - one fraught with danger, rich in atmosphere, and pleasingly flexible in terms of how you shape its twisting, twisted narrative" - 8/10 (Pocket Gamer) "Wonderful for genre fans and novices alike" - 4.5/5 (TouchArcade) "An excellent experience" - 90% (4Players.de) Khar is brimming with things to do and creatures to meet. Visit the Festival of Thieves, battle a ghost, escape from slavers, gamble your fortune at the Halls of Vlada, drink at the tavern, worship strange Gods, and much much more. Will you uncover the secrets of the city, overthrow the Council, destroy an invading army, or leave Khar to burn? From legendary designer Steve Jackson, co-founder of Lionhead Studios (with Peter Molyneux), and Fighting Fantasy and Games Workshop (with Ian Livingstone), and designed and adapted by inkle, the app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do. In combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche and maps by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast). "Khar: Cityport of Traps" is Part 2 of 4. Part 1 is out now and Part 3, "The Seven Serpents", is coming in late 2014. Top 20 Mobile Game of 2013, Touch Arcade Top 25 Mobile Game of 2013, Gamezebo "I love this app... Its better than any gamebook ever was in your head when you were a kid" - 5/5, Interactive Fiction Game of the Year (Pocket Tactics) "With a seemingly endless number of outcomes, Sorcery 2 offers hours upon hours of gameplay... one of the best games of 2013, and adventure fans, you can't afford to miss it" - 5/5 (Examiner.com) Dare you journey into Khar, a town of thieves and murderers on the brink of destruction? + Fully interactive story written on fly around on your actions and choices + Plot your own path down every street of the hand-drawn 3D city map + Go down into the sewers, aboard ship, or inside buildings with new interior maps + 3D spell-casting system: cast over 48 spells, with weird and wonderful story-changing effects + New gambling game: can you outwit the citizens of Khar at Swindlestones? + Over thirty different monsters to fight with our unique strategic combat + More than double the content of Part 1: over 300,000 words, with 10,000 choices, and every one is remembered + Play as a male or female hero + Start your adventure from here - or load your characters from Part 1 "A terrific adventure - one fraught with danger, rich in atmosphere, and pleasingly flexible in terms of how you shape its twisting, twisted narrative" - 8/10 (Pocket Gamer) "Wonderful for genre fans and novices alike" - 4.5/5 (TouchArcade) "An excellent experience" - 90% (4Players.de) Khar is brimming with things to do and creatures to meet. Visit the Festival of Thieves, battle a ghost, escape from slavers, gamble your fortune at the Halls of Vlada, drink at the tavern, worship strange Gods, and much much more. Will you uncover the secrets of the city, overthrow the Council, destroy an invading army, or leave Khar to burn? From legendary designer Steve Jackson, co-founder of Lionhead Studios (with Peter Molyneux), and Fighting Fantasy and Games Workshop (with Ian Livingstone), and designed and adapted by inkle, the app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do. In combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche and maps by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast). "Khar: Cityport of Traps" is Part 2 of 4. Part 1 is out now and Part 3, "The Seven Serpents", is coming in late 2014. Top 25 Mobile Game of 2013, Gamezebo "I love this app... Its better than any gamebook ever was in your head when you were a kid" - 5/5, Interactive Fiction Game of the Year (Pocket Tactics) "With a seemingly endless number of outcomes, Sorcery 2 offers hours upon hours of gameplay... one of the best games of 2013, and adventure fans, you can't afford to miss it" - 5/5 (Examiner.com) Dare you journey into Khar, a town of thieves and murderers on the brink of destruction? + Fully interactive story written on fly around on your actions and choices + Plot your own path down every street of the hand-drawn 3D city map + Go down into the sewers, aboard ship, or inside buildings with new interior maps + 3D spell-casting system: cast over 48 spells, with weird and wonderful story-changing effects + New gambling game: can you outwit the citizens of Khar at Swindlestones? + Over thirty different monsters to fight with our unique strategic combat + More than double the content of Part 1: over 300,000 words, with 10,000 choices, and every one is remembered + Play as a male or female hero + Start your adventure from here - or load your characters from Part 1 "A terrific adventure - one fraught with danger, rich in atmosphere, and pleasingly flexible in terms of how you shape its twisting, twisted narrative" - 8/10 (Pocket Gamer) "Wonderful for genre fans and novices alike" - 4.5/5 (TouchArcade) "An excellent experience" - 90% (4Players.de) Khar is brimming with things to do and creatures to meet. Visit the Festival of Thieves, battle a ghost, escape from slavers, gamble your fortune at the Halls of Vlada, drink at the tavern, worship strange Gods, and much much more. Will you uncover the secrets of the city, overthrow the Council, destroy an invading army, or leave Khar to burn? From legendary designer Steve Jackson, co-founder of Lionhead Studios (with Peter Molyneux), and Fighting Fantasy and Games Workshop (with Ian Livingstone), and designed and adapted by inkle, the app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do. In combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche and maps by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast). "Khar: Cityport of Traps" is Part 2 of 4. Part 1 is out now and Part 3, "The Seven Serpents", is coming in late 2014. "I love this app... Its better than any gamebook ever was in your head when you were a kid" - 5/5, Interactive Fiction Game of the Year (Pocket Tactics) "With a seemingly endless number of outcomes, Sorcery 2 offers hours upon hours of gameplay... one of the best games of 2013, and adventure fans, you can't afford to miss it" - 5/5 (Examiner.com) Dare you journey into Khar, a town of thieves and murderers on the brink of destruction? + Fully interactive story written on fly around on your actions and choices + Plot your own path down every street of the hand-drawn 3D city map + Go down into the sewers, aboard ship, or inside buildings with new interior maps + 3D spell-casting system: cast over 48 spells, with weird and wonderful story-changing effects + New gambling game: can you outwit the citizens of Khar at Swindlestones? + Over thirty different monsters to fight with our unique strategic combat + More than double the content of Part 1: over 300,000 words, with 10,000 choices, and every one is remembered + Play as a male or female hero + Start your adventure from here - or load your characters from Part 1 "A terrific adventure - one fraught with danger, rich in atmosphere, and pleasingly flexible in terms of how you shape its twisting, twisted narrative" - 8/10 (Pocket Gamer) "Wonderful for genre fans and novices alike" - 4.5/5 (TouchArcade) "An excellent experience" - 90% (4Players.de) Khar is brimming with things to do and creatures to meet. Visit the Festival of Thieves, battle a ghost, escape from slavers, gamble your fortune at the Halls of Vlada, drink at the tavern, worship strange Gods, and much much more. Will you uncover the secrets of the city, overthrow the Council, destroy an invading army, or leave Khar to burn? From legendary designer Steve Jackson, co-founder of Lionhead Studios (with Peter Molyneux), and Fighting Fantasy and Games Workshop (with Ian Livingstone), and designed and adapted by inkle, the app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do. In combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche and maps by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast). "Khar: Cityport of Traps" is Part 2 of 4. Part 1 is out now and Part 3, "The Seven Serpents", is coming in late 2014. "With a seemingly endless number of outcomes, Sorcery 2 offers hours upon hours of gameplay... one of the best games of 2013, and adventure fans, you can't afford to miss it" - 5/5 (Examiner.com) Dare you journey into Khar, a town of thieves and murderers on the brink of destruction? + Fully interactive story written on fly around on your actions and choices + Plot your own path down every street of the hand-drawn 3D city map + Go down into the sewers, aboard ship, or inside buildings with new interior maps + 3D spell-casting system: cast over 48 spells, with weird and wonderful story-changing effects + New gambling game: can you outwit the citizens of Khar at Swindlestones? + Over thirty different monsters to fight with our unique strategic combat + More than double the content of Part 1: over 300,000 words, with 10,000 choices, and every one is remembered + Play as a male or female hero + Start your adventure from here - or load your characters from Part 1 "A terrific adventure - one fraught with danger, rich in atmosphere, and pleasingly flexible in terms of how you shape its twisting, twisted narrative" - 8/10 (Pocket Gamer) "Wonderful for genre fans and novices alike" - 4.5/5 (TouchArcade) "An excellent experience" - 90% (4Players.de) Khar is brimming with things to do and creatures to meet. Visit the Festival of Thieves, battle a ghost, escape from slavers, gamble your fortune at the Halls of Vlada, drink at the tavern, worship strange Gods, and much much more. Will you uncover the secrets of the city, overthrow the Council, destroy an invading army, or leave Khar to burn? From legendary designer Steve Jackson, co-founder of Lionhead Studios (with Peter Molyneux), and Fighting Fantasy and Games Workshop (with Ian Livingstone), and designed and adapted by inkle, the app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do. In combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche and maps by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast). "Khar: Cityport of Traps" is Part 2 of 4. Part 1 is out now and Part 3, "The Seven Serpents", is coming in late 2014. Dare you journey into Khar, a town of thieves and murderers on the brink of destruction? + Fully interactive story written on fly around on your actions and choices + Plot your own path down every street of the hand-drawn 3D city map + Go down into the sewers, aboard ship, or inside buildings with new interior maps + 3D spell-casting system: cast over 48 spells, with weird and wonderful story-changing effects + New gambling game: can you outwit the citizens of Khar at Swindlestones? + Over thirty different monsters to fight with our unique strategic combat + More than double the content of Part 1: over 300,000 words, with 10,000 choices, and every one is remembered + Play as a male or female hero + Start your adventure from here - or load your characters from Part 1 "A terrific adventure - one fraught with danger, rich in atmosphere, and pleasingly flexible in terms of how you shape its twisting, twisted narrative" - 8/10 (Pocket Gamer) "Wonderful for genre fans and novices alike" - 4.5/5 (TouchArcade) "An excellent experience" - 90% (4Players.de) Khar is brimming with things to do and creatures to meet. Visit the Festival of Thieves, battle a ghost, escape from slavers, gamble your fortune at the Halls of Vlada, drink at the tavern, worship strange Gods, and much much more. Will you uncover the secrets of the city, overthrow the Council, destroy an invading army, or leave Khar to burn? From legendary designer Steve Jackson, co-founder of Lionhead Studios (with Peter Molyneux), and Fighting Fantasy and Games Workshop (with Ian Livingstone), and designed and adapted by inkle, the app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do. In combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche and maps by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast). "Khar: Cityport of Traps" is Part 2 of 4. Part 1 is out now and Part 3, "The Seven Serpents", is coming in late 2014. + Fully interactive story written on fly around on your actions and choices + Plot your own path down every street of the hand-drawn 3D city map + Go down into the sewers, aboard ship, or inside buildings with new interior maps + 3D spell-casting system: cast over 48 spells, with weird and wonderful story-changing effects + New gambling game: can you outwit the citizens of Khar at Swindlestones? + Over thirty different monsters to fight with our unique strategic combat + More than double the content of Part 1: over 300,000 words, with 10,000 choices, and every one is remembered + Play as a male or female hero + Start your adventure from here - or load your characters from Part 1 "A terrific adventure - one fraught with danger, rich in atmosphere, and pleasingly flexible in terms of how you shape its twisting, twisted narrative" - 8/10 (Pocket Gamer) "Wonderful for genre fans and novices alike" - 4.5/5 (TouchArcade) "An excellent experience" - 90% (4Players.de) Khar is brimming with things to do and creatures to meet. Visit the Festival of Thieves, battle a ghost, escape from slavers, gamble your fortune at the Halls of Vlada, drink at the tavern, worship strange Gods, and much much more. Will you uncover the secrets of the city, overthrow the Council, destroy an invading army, or leave Khar to burn? From legendary designer Steve Jackson, co-founder of Lionhead Studios (with Peter Molyneux), and Fighting Fantasy and Games Workshop (with Ian Livingstone), and designed and adapted by inkle, the app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do. In combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche and maps by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast). "Khar: Cityport of Traps" is Part 2 of 4. Part 1 is out now and Part 3, "The Seven Serpents", is coming in late 2014. "A terrific adventure - one fraught with danger, rich in atmosphere, and pleasingly flexible in terms of how you shape its twisting, twisted narrative" - 8/10 (Pocket Gamer) "Wonderful for genre fans and novices alike" - 4.5/5 (TouchArcade) "An excellent experience" - 90% (4Players.de) Khar is brimming with things to do and creatures to meet. Visit the Festival of Thieves, battle a ghost, escape from slavers, gamble your fortune at the Halls of Vlada, drink at the tavern, worship strange Gods, and much much more. Will you uncover the secrets of the city, overthrow the Council, destroy an invading army, or leave Khar to burn? From legendary designer Steve Jackson, co-founder of Lionhead Studios (with Peter Molyneux), and Fighting Fantasy and Games Workshop (with Ian Livingstone), and designed and adapted by inkle, the app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do. In combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche and maps by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast). "Khar: Cityport of Traps" is Part 2 of 4. Part 1 is out now and Part 3, "The Seven Serpents", is coming in late 2014. "Wonderful for genre fans and novices alike" - 4.5/5 (TouchArcade) "An excellent experience" - 90% (4Players.de) Khar is brimming with things to do and creatures to meet. Visit the Festival of Thieves, battle a ghost, escape from slavers, gamble your fortune at the Halls of Vlada, drink at the tavern, worship strange Gods, and much much more. Will you uncover the secrets of the city, overthrow the Council, destroy an invading army, or leave Khar to burn? From legendary designer Steve Jackson, co-founder of Lionhead Studios (with Peter Molyneux), and Fighting Fantasy and Games Workshop (with Ian Livingstone), and designed and adapted by inkle, the app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do. In combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche and maps by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast). "Khar: Cityport of Traps" is Part 2 of 4. Part 1 is out now and Part 3, "The Seven Serpents", is coming in late 2014. "An excellent experience" - 90% (4Players.de) Khar is brimming with things to do and creatures to meet. Visit the Festival of Thieves, battle a ghost, escape from slavers, gamble your fortune at the Halls of Vlada, drink at the tavern, worship strange Gods, and much much more. Will you uncover the secrets of the city, overthrow the Council, destroy an invading army, or leave Khar to burn? From legendary designer Steve Jackson, co-founder of Lionhead Studios (with Peter Molyneux), and Fighting Fantasy and Games Workshop (with Ian Livingstone), and designed and adapted by inkle, the app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do. In combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche and maps by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast). "Khar: Cityport of Traps" is Part 2 of 4. Part 1 is out now and Part 3, "The Seven Serpents", is coming in late 2014. Khar is brimming with things to do and creatures to meet. Visit the Festival of Thieves, battle a ghost, escape from slavers, gamble your fortune at the Halls of Vlada, drink at the tavern, worship strange Gods, and much much more. Will you uncover the secrets of the city, overthrow the Council, destroy an invading army, or leave Khar to burn? From legendary designer Steve Jackson, co-founder of Lionhead Studios (with Peter Molyneux), and Fighting Fantasy and Games Workshop (with Ian Livingstone), and designed and adapted by inkle, the app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do. In combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche and maps by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast). "Khar: Cityport of Traps" is Part 2 of 4. Part 1 is out now and Part 3, "The Seven Serpents", is coming in late 2014. From legendary designer Steve Jackson, co-founder of Lionhead Studios (with Peter Molyneux), and Fighting Fantasy and Games Workshop (with Ian Livingstone), and designed and adapted by inkle, the app uses inklewriter technology to tell your journey in real-time, shaping the story around your choices. The text itself changes based on how you play and what you do. In combat, the action is described on the fly based on how you play. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche and maps by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast). "Khar: Cityport of Traps" is Part 2 of 4. Part 1 is out now and Part 3, "The Seven Serpents", is coming in late 2014. Featuring original illustrations by John Blanche and maps by Mike Schley (Wizards of the Coast). "Khar: Cityport of Traps" is Part 2 of 4. Part 1 is out now and Part 3, "The Seven Serpents", is coming in late 2014. "Khar: Cityport of Traps" is Part 2 of 4. Part 1 is out now and Part 3, "The Seven Serpents", is coming in late 2014.
The immersive free-to-play version, Homicide Squad: Hidden Cases, is already live! Don't miss out!Try your hand at investigating a murder and bring the killer to justice! Detectives Turino and Lamonte have been assigned to a new investigative unit: Special Enquiry Detail. Their first case is the shocking death of the daughter of two charity fundraisers. So the list of suspects is growing. With pressure from the captain and the mayor to solve the case quickly, the two detectives must uncover the trail that leads to the murderer. You will help with forensics, investigate the clues and suspects to find the murderer and unveil the secrets and deceptions of those involved! Dive into Special Enquiry Detail: The Hand That Feeds and become a New York City detective pursuing justice. TRY IT FREE, THEN UNLOCK THE FULL ADVENTURE FROM WITHIN THE GAME!  12 Intriguing chapters  30 Realistic locations  25 Thrilling mini-games  Exciting storyline ____________________________Game available in: English, Chinese, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Russian, Spanish____________________________COMPATIBILITY NOTES:***Note*** This game supports high-end smartphones and tablets such as Nexus 7 and Nexus 10.____________________________ ***Sign up now for a weekly round-up of the best from G5 Games! www.g5e.com/e-mail***____________________________ G5 Games - World of Adventures!Collect them all! Search for "g5" in Google Play! Adventure:  Games Navigator  By G5 Games  The Secret Society The Ghost Archives Left in the Dark The Cursed Ship Strategy:  Virtual City Playground The Island: Castaway  Doomsday Preppers Farm Clan: The Adventure Stand O Food City____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms Try your hand at investigating a murder and bring the killer to justice! Detectives Turino and Lamonte have been assigned to a new investigative unit: Special Enquiry Detail. Their first case is the shocking death of the daughter of two charity fundraisers. So the list of suspects is growing. With pressure from the captain and the mayor to solve the case quickly, the two detectives must uncover the trail that leads to the murderer. You will help with forensics, investigate the clues and suspects to find the murderer and unveil the secrets and deceptions of those involved! Dive into Special Enquiry Detail: The Hand That Feeds and become a New York City detective pursuing justice. TRY IT FREE, THEN UNLOCK THE FULL ADVENTURE FROM WITHIN THE GAME!  12 Intriguing chapters  30 Realistic locations  25 Thrilling mini-games  Exciting storyline ____________________________Game available in: English, Chinese, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Russian, Spanish____________________________COMPATIBILITY NOTES:***Note*** This game supports high-end smartphones and tablets such as Nexus 7 and Nexus 10.____________________________ ***Sign up now for a weekly round-up of the best from G5 Games! www.g5e.com/e-mail***____________________________ G5 Games - World of Adventures!Collect them all! Search for "g5" in Google Play! Adventure:  Games Navigator  By G5 Games  The Secret Society The Ghost Archives Left in the Dark The Cursed Ship Strategy:  Virtual City Playground The Island: Castaway  Doomsday Preppers Farm Clan: The Adventure Stand O Food City____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms TRY IT FREE, THEN UNLOCK THE FULL ADVENTURE FROM WITHIN THE GAME!  12 Intriguing chapters  30 Realistic locations  25 Thrilling mini-games  Exciting storyline ____________________________Game available in: English, Chinese, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Russian, Spanish____________________________COMPATIBILITY NOTES:***Note*** This game supports high-end smartphones and tablets such as Nexus 7 and Nexus 10.____________________________ ***Sign up now for a weekly round-up of the best from G5 Games! www.g5e.com/e-mail***____________________________ G5 Games - World of Adventures!Collect them all! Search for "g5" in Google Play! Adventure:  Games Navigator  By G5 Games  The Secret Society The Ghost Archives Left in the Dark The Cursed Ship Strategy:  Virtual City Playground The Island: Castaway  Doomsday Preppers Farm Clan: The Adventure Stand O Food City____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms  12 Intriguing chapters  30 Realistic locations  25 Thrilling mini-games  Exciting storyline ____________________________Game available in: English, Chinese, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Russian, Spanish____________________________COMPATIBILITY NOTES:***Note*** This game supports high-end smartphones and tablets such as Nexus 7 and Nexus 10.____________________________ ***Sign up now for a weekly round-up of the best from G5 Games! www.g5e.com/e-mail***____________________________ G5 Games - World of Adventures!Collect them all! Search for "g5" in Google Play! Adventure:  Games Navigator  By G5 Games  The Secret Society The Ghost Archives Left in the Dark The Cursed Ship Strategy:  Virtual City Playground The Island: Castaway  Doomsday Preppers Farm Clan: The Adventure Stand O Food City____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms Game available in: English, Chinese, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Russian, Spanish____________________________COMPATIBILITY NOTES:***Note*** This game supports high-end smartphones and tablets such as Nexus 7 and Nexus 10.____________________________ ***Sign up now for a weekly round-up of the best from G5 Games! www.g5e.com/e-mail***____________________________ G5 Games - World of Adventures!Collect them all! Search for "g5" in Google Play! Adventure:  Games Navigator  By G5 Games  The Secret Society The Ghost Archives Left in the Dark The Cursed Ship Strategy:  Virtual City Playground The Island: Castaway  Doomsday Preppers Farm Clan: The Adventure Stand O Food City____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms COMPATIBILITY NOTES:***Note*** This game supports high-end smartphones and tablets such as Nexus 7 and Nexus 10.____________________________ ***Sign up now for a weekly round-up of the best from G5 Games! www.g5e.com/e-mail***____________________________ G5 Games - World of Adventures!Collect them all! Search for "g5" in Google Play! Adventure:  Games Navigator  By G5 Games  The Secret Society The Ghost Archives Left in the Dark The Cursed Ship Strategy:  Virtual City Playground The Island: Castaway  Doomsday Preppers Farm Clan: The Adventure Stand O Food City____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms ***Sign up now for a weekly round-up of the best from G5 Games! www.g5e.com/e-mail***____________________________ G5 Games - World of Adventures!Collect them all! Search for "g5" in Google Play! Adventure:  Games Navigator  By G5 Games  The Secret Society The Ghost Archives Left in the Dark The Cursed Ship Strategy:  Virtual City Playground The Island: Castaway  Doomsday Preppers Farm Clan: The Adventure Stand O Food City____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms G5 Games - World of Adventures!Collect them all! Search for "g5" in Google Play! Adventure:  Games Navigator  By G5 Games  The Secret Society The Ghost Archives Left in the Dark The Cursed Ship Strategy:  Virtual City Playground The Island: Castaway  Doomsday Preppers Farm Clan: The Adventure Stand O Food City____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms Collect them all! Search for "g5" in Google Play! Adventure:  Games Navigator  By G5 Games  The Secret Society The Ghost Archives Left in the Dark The Cursed Ship Strategy:  Virtual City Playground The Island: Castaway  Doomsday Preppers Farm Clan: The Adventure Stand O Food City____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms Adventure:  Games Navigator  By G5 Games  The Secret Society The Ghost Archives Left in the Dark The Cursed Ship Strategy:  Virtual City Playground The Island: Castaway  Doomsday Preppers Farm Clan: The Adventure Stand O Food City____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms  Games Navigator  By G5 Games  The Secret Society The Ghost Archives Left in the Dark The Cursed Ship Strategy:  Virtual City Playground The Island: Castaway  Doomsday Preppers Farm Clan: The Adventure Stand O Food City____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms  Virtual City Playground The Island: Castaway  Doomsday Preppers Farm Clan: The Adventure Stand O Food City____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms
Spin the Bottle App is a classic game like "Truth or Dare" which involves either answering a question or doing a dare - something fun.To play Spin the Bottle you need more than one players. The minimum is two players, but we recommend you to have at least 3 players.To begin this party game players need to sit around the table or into a circle depends on your situation. All players must feel comfortable.Dare means a funny or hard to do task.Truth means a questions about his life, intimate things or other interesting for others question which should be answered without lie.
Play this free RPG before you upgrade to Elite and enjoy hours of turn-based strategy for free!  The Trese Brothers never run ads in our games -- enjoy an ad free, permission free experience!Command your officers and crew from the bridge of your star ship to travel, trade, and battle across the immense Star Traders Quadrant.  Employ a wide variety of strategies as an Assassin, Bounty Hunter, Trader, Pirate or Smuggler.  Can you manage your resources, crew and officers well enough to turn a profit in the complex economy thats sprawling across the on-going interstellar conflict?This epic space pirate RPG offers a deep and challenging world and economy to Star Trading captains.  You must navigate the waters of Quadrant politics and choose sides among the constantly conflicting Factions, or take the risk to stay independent.  Enjoy endless replay value in this deep space civ and trading simulation which allows you to take any path you want as a captain.  Act as a pirate against the merchants using the great shipping lanes, join the Solar War as a military captain, or hunt targets across the Quadrant as a fearsome bounty hunter!Star Traders is a turn-based strategy role playing game (RPG) inspired by games such as Space Trader, Master of Orion, Elite and many other classic titles. If you enjoy retro games, adventure and tactics games, Action RPG or Sci-fi RPG with complex depth like Master of Orion, you may enjoy the Star Traders space trading simulation.Our development team is actively continuing development and updates of this indie RPG based on your feedback and is regularly updated with new content, features, and fixes. Please email us with suggestions or bugs!As a Star Trading captain in this strategy RPG you will:- Explore more than 300 planets- Trade in and manipulate the complex and deep economy in our economic simulator- Buy, sell, and battle over 600 unique starcraft- Customize and design your space craft with more than 60 upgrades- Fully customize your captain (picking from 6 classes), officers and space ships- Read over the comments to see Star Traders is rated as one of the best RPGs by many playersExperience the Elite upgrade: the epic new content includes 2,000 new sectors, 200 additional planets, and hundreds of additional ships, more rumors, art board, and officers. And you can copy any captain from Star Traders (free) to Elite!Your command of the ship is under constant threat, both internal and external. Can you manage your resources, crew, officers well to enough to turn a profit?Facebook:https://www.facebook.com/startradersForum:http://startradersrpg.proboards.com/#category-2Twitter:http://twitter.com/#!/TreseBrothers Command your officers and crew from the bridge of your star ship to travel, trade, and battle across the immense Star Traders Quadrant.  Employ a wide variety of strategies as an Assassin, Bounty Hunter, Trader, Pirate or Smuggler.  Can you manage your resources, crew and officers well enough to turn a profit in the complex economy thats sprawling across the on-going interstellar conflict?This epic space pirate RPG offers a deep and challenging world and economy to Star Trading captains.  You must navigate the waters of Quadrant politics and choose sides among the constantly conflicting Factions, or take the risk to stay independent.  Enjoy endless replay value in this deep space civ and trading simulation which allows you to take any path you want as a captain.  Act as a pirate against the merchants using the great shipping lanes, join the Solar War as a military captain, or hunt targets across the Quadrant as a fearsome bounty hunter!Star Traders is a turn-based strategy role playing game (RPG) inspired by games such as Space Trader, Master of Orion, Elite and many other classic titles. If you enjoy retro games, adventure and tactics games, Action RPG or Sci-fi RPG with complex depth like Master of Orion, you may enjoy the Star Traders space trading simulation.Our development team is actively continuing development and updates of this indie RPG based on your feedback and is regularly updated with new content, features, and fixes. Please email us with suggestions or bugs!As a Star Trading captain in this strategy RPG you will:- Explore more than 300 planets- Trade in and manipulate the complex and deep economy in our economic simulator- Buy, sell, and battle over 600 unique starcraft- Customize and design your space craft with more than 60 upgrades- Fully customize your captain (picking from 6 classes), officers and space ships- Read over the comments to see Star Traders is rated as one of the best RPGs by many playersExperience the Elite upgrade: the epic new content includes 2,000 new sectors, 200 additional planets, and hundreds of additional ships, more rumors, art board, and officers. And you can copy any captain from Star Traders (free) to Elite!Your command of the ship is under constant threat, both internal and external. Can you manage your resources, crew, officers well to enough to turn a profit?Facebook:https://www.facebook.com/startradersForum:http://startradersrpg.proboards.com/#category-2Twitter:http://twitter.com/#!/TreseBrothers This epic space pirate RPG offers a deep and challenging world and economy to Star Trading captains.  You must navigate the waters of Quadrant politics and choose sides among the constantly conflicting Factions, or take the risk to stay independent.  Enjoy endless replay value in this deep space civ and trading simulation which allows you to take any path you want as a captain.  Act as a pirate against the merchants using the great shipping lanes, join the Solar War as a military captain, or hunt targets across the Quadrant as a fearsome bounty hunter!Star Traders is a turn-based strategy role playing game (RPG) inspired by games such as Space Trader, Master of Orion, Elite and many other classic titles. If you enjoy retro games, adventure and tactics games, Action RPG or Sci-fi RPG with complex depth like Master of Orion, you may enjoy the Star Traders space trading simulation.Our development team is actively continuing development and updates of this indie RPG based on your feedback and is regularly updated with new content, features, and fixes. Please email us with suggestions or bugs!As a Star Trading captain in this strategy RPG you will:- Explore more than 300 planets- Trade in and manipulate the complex and deep economy in our economic simulator- Buy, sell, and battle over 600 unique starcraft- Customize and design your space craft with more than 60 upgrades- Fully customize your captain (picking from 6 classes), officers and space ships- Read over the comments to see Star Traders is rated as one of the best RPGs by many playersExperience the Elite upgrade: the epic new content includes 2,000 new sectors, 200 additional planets, and hundreds of additional ships, more rumors, art board, and officers. And you can copy any captain from Star Traders (free) to Elite!Your command of the ship is under constant threat, both internal and external. Can you manage your resources, crew, officers well to enough to turn a profit?Facebook:https://www.facebook.com/startradersForum:http://startradersrpg.proboards.com/#category-2Twitter:http://twitter.com/#!/TreseBrothers Star Traders is a turn-based strategy role playing game (RPG) inspired by games such as Space Trader, Master of Orion, Elite and many other classic titles. If you enjoy retro games, adventure and tactics games, Action RPG or Sci-fi RPG with complex depth like Master of Orion, you may enjoy the Star Traders space trading simulation.Our development team is actively continuing development and updates of this indie RPG based on your feedback and is regularly updated with new content, features, and fixes. Please email us with suggestions or bugs!As a Star Trading captain in this strategy RPG you will:- Explore more than 300 planets- Trade in and manipulate the complex and deep economy in our economic simulator- Buy, sell, and battle over 600 unique starcraft- Customize and design your space craft with more than 60 upgrades- Fully customize your captain (picking from 6 classes), officers and space ships- Read over the comments to see Star Traders is rated as one of the best RPGs by many playersExperience the Elite upgrade: the epic new content includes 2,000 new sectors, 200 additional planets, and hundreds of additional ships, more rumors, art board, and officers. And you can copy any captain from Star Traders (free) to Elite!Your command of the ship is under constant threat, both internal and external. Can you manage your resources, crew, officers well to enough to turn a profit?Facebook:https://www.facebook.com/startradersForum:http://startradersrpg.proboards.com/#category-2Twitter:http://twitter.com/#!/TreseBrothers Our development team is actively continuing development and updates of this indie RPG based on your feedback and is regularly updated with new content, features, and fixes. Please email us with suggestions or bugs!As a Star Trading captain in this strategy RPG you will:- Explore more than 300 planets- Trade in and manipulate the complex and deep economy in our economic simulator- Buy, sell, and battle over 600 unique starcraft- Customize and design your space craft with more than 60 upgrades- Fully customize your captain (picking from 6 classes), officers and space ships- Read over the comments to see Star Traders is rated as one of the best RPGs by many playersExperience the Elite upgrade: the epic new content includes 2,000 new sectors, 200 additional planets, and hundreds of additional ships, more rumors, art board, and officers. And you can copy any captain from Star Traders (free) to Elite!Your command of the ship is under constant threat, both internal and external. Can you manage your resources, crew, officers well to enough to turn a profit?Facebook:https://www.facebook.com/startradersForum:http://startradersrpg.proboards.com/#category-2Twitter:http://twitter.com/#!/TreseBrothers As a Star Trading captain in this strategy RPG you will:- Explore more than 300 planets- Trade in and manipulate the complex and deep economy in our economic simulator- Buy, sell, and battle over 600 unique starcraft- Customize and design your space craft with more than 60 upgrades- Fully customize your captain (picking from 6 classes), officers and space ships- Read over the comments to see Star Traders is rated as one of the best RPGs by many playersExperience the Elite upgrade: the epic new content includes 2,000 new sectors, 200 additional planets, and hundreds of additional ships, more rumors, art board, and officers. And you can copy any captain from Star Traders (free) to Elite!Your command of the ship is under constant threat, both internal and external. Can you manage your resources, crew, officers well to enough to turn a profit?Facebook:https://www.facebook.com/startradersForum:http://startradersrpg.proboards.com/#category-2Twitter:http://twitter.com/#!/TreseBrothers Experience the Elite upgrade: the epic new content includes 2,000 new sectors, 200 additional planets, and hundreds of additional ships, more rumors, art board, and officers. And you can copy any captain from Star Traders (free) to Elite!Your command of the ship is under constant threat, both internal and external. Can you manage your resources, crew, officers well to enough to turn a profit?Facebook:https://www.facebook.com/startradersForum:http://startradersrpg.proboards.com/#category-2Twitter:http://twitter.com/#!/TreseBrothers Your command of the ship is under constant threat, both internal and external. Can you manage your resources, crew, officers well to enough to turn a profit?Facebook:https://www.facebook.com/startradersForum:http://startradersrpg.proboards.com/#category-2Twitter:http://twitter.com/#!/TreseBrothers Facebook:https://www.facebook.com/startradersForum:http://startradersrpg.proboards.com/#category-2Twitter:http://twitter.com/#!/TreseBrothers Forum:http://startradersrpg.proboards.com/#category-2Twitter:http://twitter.com/#!/TreseBrothers Twitter:http://twitter.com/#!/TreseBrothers
Play the free RPG version "Star Traders RPG" before you purchase Elite and enjoy hours of turn-based strategy in the Quadrant for free! The Trese Brothers never run ads in our games -- enjoy an ad free, permission free experience!Command your officers and crew from the bridge of your star ship as you travel, trade, and battle across the immense Star Traders Quadrant. Employ a wide variety of strategies as an Assassin, Bounty Hunter, Trader, Pirate or Smuggler. Can you manage your resources, crew and officers well enough to turn a profit in the complex economy thats sprawling across the on-going interstellar conflict?Upgrade and experience the Elite edition! You can copy all your captains to the paid edition! Elite includes more than 200 new planets, more than 2,000 new sectors in the massive galaxy, over 400 new ships, twice as many rumors and officers, and more unique art.This epic space pirate RPG offers a deep and challenging world and economy to Star Trading captains. You must navigate the waters of Quadrant politics and choose sides among the competing Factions, or take a risk and stay independent. Enjoy endless replay value in this deep space civ and trading simulation which allows you to take any path you want as a captain. Act as a pirate against the merchants using the great shipping lanes, join the Solar War as a military captain, or hunt targets across the Quadrant as a fearsome bounty hunter!Star Traders is a turn-based strategy role playing game (RPG) inspired by games such as Space Trader, Master of Orion, Elite and many other classic titles. If you enjoy retro games, adventure and tactics games, Action RPG or Sci-fi RPG with complex depth like Master of Orion, you may enjoy the Star Traders space trading simulation.Our development team is actively continuing development and updates of this indie RPG based on your feedback and is regularly updated with new content, features, and fixes. Please email us with suggestions or bugs!As a Star Trading captain in this strategy RPG you will:- Explore more than 300 planets- Trade in and manipulate the complex and deep economy in our economic simulator- Buy, sell, and battle over 600 unique starcraft- Customize and design your space craft with more than 60 upgrades- Fully customize your captain (picking from 6 classes), officers and space ships- Read over the comments to see Star Traders is rated as one of the best RPGs by many playersExperience the Elite upgrade: the epic new content includes 2,000 new sectors, 200 additional planets, and hundreds of additional ships, more rumors, art board, and officers. And you can copy any captain from Star Traders (free) to Elite!Your command of the ship is under constant threat, both internal and external. Can you manage your resources, crew, officers well to enough to turn a profit?Facebook:https://www.facebook.com/startradersForum:http://startradersrpg.proboards.com/#category-2Twitter:http://twitter.com/#!/TreseBrothers Command your officers and crew from the bridge of your star ship as you travel, trade, and battle across the immense Star Traders Quadrant. Employ a wide variety of strategies as an Assassin, Bounty Hunter, Trader, Pirate or Smuggler. Can you manage your resources, crew and officers well enough to turn a profit in the complex economy thats sprawling across the on-going interstellar conflict?Upgrade and experience the Elite edition! You can copy all your captains to the paid edition! Elite includes more than 200 new planets, more than 2,000 new sectors in the massive galaxy, over 400 new ships, twice as many rumors and officers, and more unique art.This epic space pirate RPG offers a deep and challenging world and economy to Star Trading captains. You must navigate the waters of Quadrant politics and choose sides among the competing Factions, or take a risk and stay independent. Enjoy endless replay value in this deep space civ and trading simulation which allows you to take any path you want as a captain. Act as a pirate against the merchants using the great shipping lanes, join the Solar War as a military captain, or hunt targets across the Quadrant as a fearsome bounty hunter!Star Traders is a turn-based strategy role playing game (RPG) inspired by games such as Space Trader, Master of Orion, Elite and many other classic titles. If you enjoy retro games, adventure and tactics games, Action RPG or Sci-fi RPG with complex depth like Master of Orion, you may enjoy the Star Traders space trading simulation.Our development team is actively continuing development and updates of this indie RPG based on your feedback and is regularly updated with new content, features, and fixes. Please email us with suggestions or bugs!As a Star Trading captain in this strategy RPG you will:- Explore more than 300 planets- Trade in and manipulate the complex and deep economy in our economic simulator- Buy, sell, and battle over 600 unique starcraft- Customize and design your space craft with more than 60 upgrades- Fully customize your captain (picking from 6 classes), officers and space ships- Read over the comments to see Star Traders is rated as one of the best RPGs by many playersExperience the Elite upgrade: the epic new content includes 2,000 new sectors, 200 additional planets, and hundreds of additional ships, more rumors, art board, and officers. And you can copy any captain from Star Traders (free) to Elite!Your command of the ship is under constant threat, both internal and external. Can you manage your resources, crew, officers well to enough to turn a profit?Facebook:https://www.facebook.com/startradersForum:http://startradersrpg.proboards.com/#category-2Twitter:http://twitter.com/#!/TreseBrothers Upgrade and experience the Elite edition! You can copy all your captains to the paid edition! Elite includes more than 200 new planets, more than 2,000 new sectors in the massive galaxy, over 400 new ships, twice as many rumors and officers, and more unique art.This epic space pirate RPG offers a deep and challenging world and economy to Star Trading captains. You must navigate the waters of Quadrant politics and choose sides among the competing Factions, or take a risk and stay independent. Enjoy endless replay value in this deep space civ and trading simulation which allows you to take any path you want as a captain. Act as a pirate against the merchants using the great shipping lanes, join the Solar War as a military captain, or hunt targets across the Quadrant as a fearsome bounty hunter!Star Traders is a turn-based strategy role playing game (RPG) inspired by games such as Space Trader, Master of Orion, Elite and many other classic titles. If you enjoy retro games, adventure and tactics games, Action RPG or Sci-fi RPG with complex depth like Master of Orion, you may enjoy the Star Traders space trading simulation.Our development team is actively continuing development and updates of this indie RPG based on your feedback and is regularly updated with new content, features, and fixes. Please email us with suggestions or bugs!As a Star Trading captain in this strategy RPG you will:- Explore more than 300 planets- Trade in and manipulate the complex and deep economy in our economic simulator- Buy, sell, and battle over 600 unique starcraft- Customize and design your space craft with more than 60 upgrades- Fully customize your captain (picking from 6 classes), officers and space ships- Read over the comments to see Star Traders is rated as one of the best RPGs by many playersExperience the Elite upgrade: the epic new content includes 2,000 new sectors, 200 additional planets, and hundreds of additional ships, more rumors, art board, and officers. And you can copy any captain from Star Traders (free) to Elite!Your command of the ship is under constant threat, both internal and external. Can you manage your resources, crew, officers well to enough to turn a profit?Facebook:https://www.facebook.com/startradersForum:http://startradersrpg.proboards.com/#category-2Twitter:http://twitter.com/#!/TreseBrothers This epic space pirate RPG offers a deep and challenging world and economy to Star Trading captains. You must navigate the waters of Quadrant politics and choose sides among the competing Factions, or take a risk and stay independent. Enjoy endless replay value in this deep space civ and trading simulation which allows you to take any path you want as a captain. Act as a pirate against the merchants using the great shipping lanes, join the Solar War as a military captain, or hunt targets across the Quadrant as a fearsome bounty hunter!Star Traders is a turn-based strategy role playing game (RPG) inspired by games such as Space Trader, Master of Orion, Elite and many other classic titles. If you enjoy retro games, adventure and tactics games, Action RPG or Sci-fi RPG with complex depth like Master of Orion, you may enjoy the Star Traders space trading simulation.Our development team is actively continuing development and updates of this indie RPG based on your feedback and is regularly updated with new content, features, and fixes. Please email us with suggestions or bugs!As a Star Trading captain in this strategy RPG you will:- Explore more than 300 planets- Trade in and manipulate the complex and deep economy in our economic simulator- Buy, sell, and battle over 600 unique starcraft- Customize and design your space craft with more than 60 upgrades- Fully customize your captain (picking from 6 classes), officers and space ships- Read over the comments to see Star Traders is rated as one of the best RPGs by many playersExperience the Elite upgrade: the epic new content includes 2,000 new sectors, 200 additional planets, and hundreds of additional ships, more rumors, art board, and officers. And you can copy any captain from Star Traders (free) to Elite!Your command of the ship is under constant threat, both internal and external. Can you manage your resources, crew, officers well to enough to turn a profit?Facebook:https://www.facebook.com/startradersForum:http://startradersrpg.proboards.com/#category-2Twitter:http://twitter.com/#!/TreseBrothers Star Traders is a turn-based strategy role playing game (RPG) inspired by games such as Space Trader, Master of Orion, Elite and many other classic titles. If you enjoy retro games, adventure and tactics games, Action RPG or Sci-fi RPG with complex depth like Master of Orion, you may enjoy the Star Traders space trading simulation.Our development team is actively continuing development and updates of this indie RPG based on your feedback and is regularly updated with new content, features, and fixes. Please email us with suggestions or bugs!As a Star Trading captain in this strategy RPG you will:- Explore more than 300 planets- Trade in and manipulate the complex and deep economy in our economic simulator- Buy, sell, and battle over 600 unique starcraft- Customize and design your space craft with more than 60 upgrades- Fully customize your captain (picking from 6 classes), officers and space ships- Read over the comments to see Star Traders is rated as one of the best RPGs by many playersExperience the Elite upgrade: the epic new content includes 2,000 new sectors, 200 additional planets, and hundreds of additional ships, more rumors, art board, and officers. And you can copy any captain from Star Traders (free) to Elite!Your command of the ship is under constant threat, both internal and external. Can you manage your resources, crew, officers well to enough to turn a profit?Facebook:https://www.facebook.com/startradersForum:http://startradersrpg.proboards.com/#category-2Twitter:http://twitter.com/#!/TreseBrothers Our development team is actively continuing development and updates of this indie RPG based on your feedback and is regularly updated with new content, features, and fixes. Please email us with suggestions or bugs!As a Star Trading captain in this strategy RPG you will:- Explore more than 300 planets- Trade in and manipulate the complex and deep economy in our economic simulator- Buy, sell, and battle over 600 unique starcraft- Customize and design your space craft with more than 60 upgrades- Fully customize your captain (picking from 6 classes), officers and space ships- Read over the comments to see Star Traders is rated as one of the best RPGs by many playersExperience the Elite upgrade: the epic new content includes 2,000 new sectors, 200 additional planets, and hundreds of additional ships, more rumors, art board, and officers. And you can copy any captain from Star Traders (free) to Elite!Your command of the ship is under constant threat, both internal and external. Can you manage your resources, crew, officers well to enough to turn a profit?Facebook:https://www.facebook.com/startradersForum:http://startradersrpg.proboards.com/#category-2Twitter:http://twitter.com/#!/TreseBrothers As a Star Trading captain in this strategy RPG you will:- Explore more than 300 planets- Trade in and manipulate the complex and deep economy in our economic simulator- Buy, sell, and battle over 600 unique starcraft- Customize and design your space craft with more than 60 upgrades- Fully customize your captain (picking from 6 classes), officers and space ships- Read over the comments to see Star Traders is rated as one of the best RPGs by many playersExperience the Elite upgrade: the epic new content includes 2,000 new sectors, 200 additional planets, and hundreds of additional ships, more rumors, art board, and officers. And you can copy any captain from Star Traders (free) to Elite!Your command of the ship is under constant threat, both internal and external. Can you manage your resources, crew, officers well to enough to turn a profit?Facebook:https://www.facebook.com/startradersForum:http://startradersrpg.proboards.com/#category-2Twitter:http://twitter.com/#!/TreseBrothers Experience the Elite upgrade: the epic new content includes 2,000 new sectors, 200 additional planets, and hundreds of additional ships, more rumors, art board, and officers. And you can copy any captain from Star Traders (free) to Elite!Your command of the ship is under constant threat, both internal and external. Can you manage your resources, crew, officers well to enough to turn a profit?Facebook:https://www.facebook.com/startradersForum:http://startradersrpg.proboards.com/#category-2Twitter:http://twitter.com/#!/TreseBrothers Your command of the ship is under constant threat, both internal and external. Can you manage your resources, crew, officers well to enough to turn a profit?Facebook:https://www.facebook.com/startradersForum:http://startradersrpg.proboards.com/#category-2Twitter:http://twitter.com/#!/TreseBrothers Facebook:https://www.facebook.com/startradersForum:http://startradersrpg.proboards.com/#category-2Twitter:http://twitter.com/#!/TreseBrothers Forum:http://startradersrpg.proboards.com/#category-2Twitter:http://twitter.com/#!/TreseBrothers Twitter:http://twitter.com/#!/TreseBrothers
Score a stunning victory! Start playing right now! OK, enough with the stereotypes already. The goal of this game is to match suitable pictures to words. For example: what does a woman keep in her purse?Choose pictures that match up to the task and reveal new stereotypes! Unleash your inner intellectual! Many tasks in the game require you to really get your brain in gear. Don't miss even the slightest detail!Here are some examples of the tasks that you need to choose the right pictures for:night, luck, France, the Oscars, what do people think about when they're in danger?And just remember  if your associations don't correspond to what the writers had in mind, then you're unique! an interesting, fresh idea loads of albums with tasks intellectual tasks achievements available in many different languages checking checkboxes is fun Choose pictures that match up to the task and reveal new stereotypes! Unleash your inner intellectual! Many tasks in the game require you to really get your brain in gear. Don't miss even the slightest detail!Here are some examples of the tasks that you need to choose the right pictures for:night, luck, France, the Oscars, what do people think about when they're in danger?And just remember  if your associations don't correspond to what the writers had in mind, then you're unique! an interesting, fresh idea loads of albums with tasks intellectual tasks achievements available in many different languages checking checkboxes is fun  an interesting, fresh idea loads of albums with tasks intellectual tasks achievements available in many different languages checking checkboxes is fun
Stop is a fun and clever turn based game you play with friends. Randomly select a letter to start and type a word for each of the 5 different categories that starts with that letter. The player that gets most correct words in the least amount of time wins!Features:- Turn based, fast paced word game- Go head to head with your friends on Facebook and Game Center- Unlimited fun with challenging categories to choose from- Achievements to unlock and conquer the game- Learn a new language! Play in English, Spanish, French, German, Italian and Brazilian PortugueseStart playing Stop!Tune in at www.facebook.com/stopbyfanatee Randomly select a letter to start and type a word for each of the 5 different categories that starts with that letter. The player that gets most correct words in the least amount of time wins!Features:- Turn based, fast paced word game- Go head to head with your friends on Facebook and Game Center- Unlimited fun with challenging categories to choose from- Achievements to unlock and conquer the game- Learn a new language! Play in English, Spanish, French, German, Italian and Brazilian PortugueseStart playing Stop!Tune in at www.facebook.com/stopbyfanatee Features:- Turn based, fast paced word game- Go head to head with your friends on Facebook and Game Center- Unlimited fun with challenging categories to choose from- Achievements to unlock and conquer the game- Learn a new language! Play in English, Spanish, French, German, Italian and Brazilian PortugueseStart playing Stop!Tune in at www.facebook.com/stopbyfanatee - Turn based, fast paced word game- Go head to head with your friends on Facebook and Game Center- Unlimited fun with challenging categories to choose from- Achievements to unlock and conquer the game- Learn a new language! Play in English, Spanish, French, German, Italian and Brazilian PortugueseStart playing Stop!Tune in at www.facebook.com/stopbyfanatee Start playing Stop!Tune in at www.facebook.com/stopbyfanatee Tune in at www.facebook.com/stopbyfanatee
Superbrothers: Sword & Sworcery EP is an exploratory action adventure with an emphasis on audiovisual style. Traverse a mythic little realm, use a sword to do battle & evoke sworcery to solve mystical musical mysteries. Co-operate with friends via Twitter, experience a videogame world that is affected by moon phases & help a wandering warrior monk complete her woeful errand.CRITICAL RESPONSE***** from TouchArcade***** from The London Times10/10 from Destructoid.com9.5/10 from IGN.com"Gworgeous" remarks Kotaku.com"Swo Engrossing" enthuses Joystiq.com"It's just walking!?" observes Baiyon."Best Mobile/Handheld" awarded by Game Developers Choice Awards 2012S:S&S EP features an album's worth of original music by noted composer Jim Guthrie as well as artwork & designs by Superbrothers Inc, crafted & engineered by videogame wizards at Capy in Toronto, Canada. For more details, feel free to stop by http://swordandsworcery.comJim Guthrie's Sword & Sworcery LP: The Ballad of the Space Babies is available digitally & limited edition vinyl. CRITICAL RESPONSE***** from TouchArcade***** from The London Times10/10 from Destructoid.com9.5/10 from IGN.com"Gworgeous" remarks Kotaku.com"Swo Engrossing" enthuses Joystiq.com"It's just walking!?" observes Baiyon."Best Mobile/Handheld" awarded by Game Developers Choice Awards 2012S:S&S EP features an album's worth of original music by noted composer Jim Guthrie as well as artwork & designs by Superbrothers Inc, crafted & engineered by videogame wizards at Capy in Toronto, Canada. For more details, feel free to stop by http://swordandsworcery.comJim Guthrie's Sword & Sworcery LP: The Ballad of the Space Babies is available digitally & limited edition vinyl. ***** from TouchArcade***** from The London Times10/10 from Destructoid.com9.5/10 from IGN.com"Gworgeous" remarks Kotaku.com"Swo Engrossing" enthuses Joystiq.com"It's just walking!?" observes Baiyon."Best Mobile/Handheld" awarded by Game Developers Choice Awards 2012S:S&S EP features an album's worth of original music by noted composer Jim Guthrie as well as artwork & designs by Superbrothers Inc, crafted & engineered by videogame wizards at Capy in Toronto, Canada. For more details, feel free to stop by http://swordandsworcery.comJim Guthrie's Sword & Sworcery LP: The Ballad of the Space Babies is available digitally & limited edition vinyl. "Gworgeous" remarks Kotaku.com"Swo Engrossing" enthuses Joystiq.com"It's just walking!?" observes Baiyon."Best Mobile/Handheld" awarded by Game Developers Choice Awards 2012S:S&S EP features an album's worth of original music by noted composer Jim Guthrie as well as artwork & designs by Superbrothers Inc, crafted & engineered by videogame wizards at Capy in Toronto, Canada. For more details, feel free to stop by http://swordandsworcery.comJim Guthrie's Sword & Sworcery LP: The Ballad of the Space Babies is available digitally & limited edition vinyl. "Swo Engrossing" enthuses Joystiq.com"It's just walking!?" observes Baiyon."Best Mobile/Handheld" awarded by Game Developers Choice Awards 2012S:S&S EP features an album's worth of original music by noted composer Jim Guthrie as well as artwork & designs by Superbrothers Inc, crafted & engineered by videogame wizards at Capy in Toronto, Canada. For more details, feel free to stop by http://swordandsworcery.comJim Guthrie's Sword & Sworcery LP: The Ballad of the Space Babies is available digitally & limited edition vinyl. "It's just walking!?" observes Baiyon."Best Mobile/Handheld" awarded by Game Developers Choice Awards 2012S:S&S EP features an album's worth of original music by noted composer Jim Guthrie as well as artwork & designs by Superbrothers Inc, crafted & engineered by videogame wizards at Capy in Toronto, Canada. For more details, feel free to stop by http://swordandsworcery.comJim Guthrie's Sword & Sworcery LP: The Ballad of the Space Babies is available digitally & limited edition vinyl. "Best Mobile/Handheld" awarded by Game Developers Choice Awards 2012S:S&S EP features an album's worth of original music by noted composer Jim Guthrie as well as artwork & designs by Superbrothers Inc, crafted & engineered by videogame wizards at Capy in Toronto, Canada. For more details, feel free to stop by http://swordandsworcery.comJim Guthrie's Sword & Sworcery LP: The Ballad of the Space Babies is available digitally & limited edition vinyl. S:S&S EP features an album's worth of original music by noted composer Jim Guthrie as well as artwork & designs by Superbrothers Inc, crafted & engineered by videogame wizards at Capy in Toronto, Canada. For more details, feel free to stop by http://swordandsworcery.comJim Guthrie's Sword & Sworcery LP: The Ballad of the Space Babies is available digitally & limited edition vinyl. Jim Guthrie's Sword & Sworcery LP: The Ballad of the Space Babies is available digitally & limited edition vinyl.
Create a world-famous band from scratch, starting with a bunch of enthusiastic teenagers and see if you can turn them into a stadium-filling act!Get them writing songs, gigging and signed to a record label.Release singles and albums and tour the UK, Europe and eventually the world!However, it wont always be a smooth ride - music trends change over time and that affects the buzz the band creates. Band members need to be looked after and kept happy to keep their mojo up!Have you got what it takes to manage the next big thing? Get them writing songs, gigging and signed to a record label.Release singles and albums and tour the UK, Europe and eventually the world!However, it wont always be a smooth ride - music trends change over time and that affects the buzz the band creates. Band members need to be looked after and kept happy to keep their mojo up!Have you got what it takes to manage the next big thing? Release singles and albums and tour the UK, Europe and eventually the world!However, it wont always be a smooth ride - music trends change over time and that affects the buzz the band creates. Band members need to be looked after and kept happy to keep their mojo up!Have you got what it takes to manage the next big thing? However, it wont always be a smooth ride - music trends change over time and that affects the buzz the band creates. Band members need to be looked after and kept happy to keep their mojo up!Have you got what it takes to manage the next big thing? Have you got what it takes to manage the next big thing?
Kate Walker, a young ambitious lawyer from New York, is handed what seems a fairly straightforward assignment - a quick stopover to handle the sale of an old automaton factory hidden in the Alpine valleys, then straight back home to the US. Little did she imagine when embarking on this task that her life would be turned upside down. On her expedition across Europe, traveling from Western Europe to the far reaches of Eastern Russia, she encounters a host of incredible characters and locations in her attempt to track down Hans, the genius inventor - the final key to unlocking the secret of Syberia.Her voyage across land and time throws all she values into question, while the deal she sets out to sign turns into a pact with destiny.
Following Syberia's resounding success with players throughout the world, Benot Sokal invites you to dive back into the crazy Kate Walker sagaHaving searched Europe from east to west for the presumed late Hans Voralberg, Kate Walker finally tracks him down and gets him to sign the automaton factory buyout papers. Mission accomplished? Not for this young New York lawyer...Forming an unlikely duo, Kate Walker and the old, eccentric Hans Voralberg are now setting off on a journey in search of a long-forgotten world, home to the last of the fabled Syberian mammoths. Together, they take up the impossible quest that Hans first embarked upon years ago, making their way through the hostile environments with courage and determination.Against all odds, a mystical Syberia awaits their arrival...- The final chapter of the captivating and original story created by Benot Sokal.- An epic adventure on the edge of the world of dreams and imagination.- Stunning imagery, intense action and tangible emotion at every twist and turn of the game.- Even more unusual and intriguing characters.- More-frequent movie sequences integrated into the storyline. Having searched Europe from east to west for the presumed late Hans Voralberg, Kate Walker finally tracks him down and gets him to sign the automaton factory buyout papers. Mission accomplished? Not for this young New York lawyer...Forming an unlikely duo, Kate Walker and the old, eccentric Hans Voralberg are now setting off on a journey in search of a long-forgotten world, home to the last of the fabled Syberian mammoths. Together, they take up the impossible quest that Hans first embarked upon years ago, making their way through the hostile environments with courage and determination.Against all odds, a mystical Syberia awaits their arrival...- The final chapter of the captivating and original story created by Benot Sokal.- An epic adventure on the edge of the world of dreams and imagination.- Stunning imagery, intense action and tangible emotion at every twist and turn of the game.- Even more unusual and intriguing characters.- More-frequent movie sequences integrated into the storyline. Mission accomplished? Not for this young New York lawyer...Forming an unlikely duo, Kate Walker and the old, eccentric Hans Voralberg are now setting off on a journey in search of a long-forgotten world, home to the last of the fabled Syberian mammoths. Together, they take up the impossible quest that Hans first embarked upon years ago, making their way through the hostile environments with courage and determination.Against all odds, a mystical Syberia awaits their arrival...- The final chapter of the captivating and original story created by Benot Sokal.- An epic adventure on the edge of the world of dreams and imagination.- Stunning imagery, intense action and tangible emotion at every twist and turn of the game.- Even more unusual and intriguing characters.- More-frequent movie sequences integrated into the storyline. Forming an unlikely duo, Kate Walker and the old, eccentric Hans Voralberg are now setting off on a journey in search of a long-forgotten world, home to the last of the fabled Syberian mammoths. Together, they take up the impossible quest that Hans first embarked upon years ago, making their way through the hostile environments with courage and determination.Against all odds, a mystical Syberia awaits their arrival...- The final chapter of the captivating and original story created by Benot Sokal.- An epic adventure on the edge of the world of dreams and imagination.- Stunning imagery, intense action and tangible emotion at every twist and turn of the game.- Even more unusual and intriguing characters.- More-frequent movie sequences integrated into the storyline. Against all odds, a mystical Syberia awaits their arrival...- The final chapter of the captivating and original story created by Benot Sokal.- An epic adventure on the edge of the world of dreams and imagination.- Stunning imagery, intense action and tangible emotion at every twist and turn of the game.- Even more unusual and intriguing characters.- More-frequent movie sequences integrated into the storyline. - The final chapter of the captivating and original story created by Benot Sokal.- An epic adventure on the edge of the world of dreams and imagination.- Stunning imagery, intense action and tangible emotion at every twist and turn of the game.- Even more unusual and intriguing characters.- More-frequent movie sequences integrated into the storyline.
' In short, get this excellent game. It is the best new game youll find on the Play Store. Period.' -Hardcore Droidhttp://www.hardcoredroid.com/tales-of-illyria-3-destinies-review/The third standalone Tales of Illyria adventure is here at last!Rise as the hero of your own story as you struggle to survive in a world where demons and dysentery could plague your every step. Choose your name, appearance, gender and one of six kingdom origins. Each origin will have their own unique questline to pursue at your leisure.Don't want a personal quest? Become a mercenary and hire strong allies to battle at your side. Fight in the arena, sail the seas to distant ports, hunt down dragons and murderers, save that village, or rob that merchant caravan because you really, really need the gold.Earn a high enough reputation and kings will ask you to perform secret missions against rival kingdoms. Gain the favor of royalty, and you will receive estates, noble titles, and eternal glory.Tales of Illyria is a party-based RPG hybrid where you manage your supplies and fortunes while traveling in a challenging, open-world environment. Each party member has their own quest, and distinct personalities that will react differently to every hard choice you make on the road. What will your story be?Features: A standalone story you make your own 60+ hours of gameplay and high replayability 900+ unique encounters 12 unique party members to hire, train and equip Hunt exotic animals and harvest plants to feed your party Jungle, savanna, forest, desert and mountain environments 6 kingdoms with dozens of villages, castles, cities and islands to visit Improved battle system featuring new spell-casting enemies. Control your party's actions or let the AI do it for you! Learn what happened in the years following the chaotic events of Tales of Illyria Episode One: Fallen Knight and Tales of Illyria: Beyond the Iron Wall*A Note on the IAP Content - Tales of Illyria: Destinies is perfectly playable without the IAP content. The quest packs are merely expansions for those who want even more content, but both fans and new players can still experience thrilling gameplay from just the core game*After the game installs, additional graphic files will be downloaded depending on the resolution you pick. This ranges from 200MB to 1.2GB. You will need double that in free space to install the game. http://www.hardcoredroid.com/tales-of-illyria-3-destinies-review/The third standalone Tales of Illyria adventure is here at last!Rise as the hero of your own story as you struggle to survive in a world where demons and dysentery could plague your every step. Choose your name, appearance, gender and one of six kingdom origins. Each origin will have their own unique questline to pursue at your leisure.Don't want a personal quest? Become a mercenary and hire strong allies to battle at your side. Fight in the arena, sail the seas to distant ports, hunt down dragons and murderers, save that village, or rob that merchant caravan because you really, really need the gold.Earn a high enough reputation and kings will ask you to perform secret missions against rival kingdoms. Gain the favor of royalty, and you will receive estates, noble titles, and eternal glory.Tales of Illyria is a party-based RPG hybrid where you manage your supplies and fortunes while traveling in a challenging, open-world environment. Each party member has their own quest, and distinct personalities that will react differently to every hard choice you make on the road. What will your story be?Features: A standalone story you make your own 60+ hours of gameplay and high replayability 900+ unique encounters 12 unique party members to hire, train and equip Hunt exotic animals and harvest plants to feed your party Jungle, savanna, forest, desert and mountain environments 6 kingdoms with dozens of villages, castles, cities and islands to visit Improved battle system featuring new spell-casting enemies. Control your party's actions or let the AI do it for you! Learn what happened in the years following the chaotic events of Tales of Illyria Episode One: Fallen Knight and Tales of Illyria: Beyond the Iron Wall*A Note on the IAP Content - Tales of Illyria: Destinies is perfectly playable without the IAP content. The quest packs are merely expansions for those who want even more content, but both fans and new players can still experience thrilling gameplay from just the core game*After the game installs, additional graphic files will be downloaded depending on the resolution you pick. This ranges from 200MB to 1.2GB. You will need double that in free space to install the game. The third standalone Tales of Illyria adventure is here at last!Rise as the hero of your own story as you struggle to survive in a world where demons and dysentery could plague your every step. Choose your name, appearance, gender and one of six kingdom origins. Each origin will have their own unique questline to pursue at your leisure.Don't want a personal quest? Become a mercenary and hire strong allies to battle at your side. Fight in the arena, sail the seas to distant ports, hunt down dragons and murderers, save that village, or rob that merchant caravan because you really, really need the gold.Earn a high enough reputation and kings will ask you to perform secret missions against rival kingdoms. Gain the favor of royalty, and you will receive estates, noble titles, and eternal glory.Tales of Illyria is a party-based RPG hybrid where you manage your supplies and fortunes while traveling in a challenging, open-world environment. Each party member has their own quest, and distinct personalities that will react differently to every hard choice you make on the road. What will your story be?Features: A standalone story you make your own 60+ hours of gameplay and high replayability 900+ unique encounters 12 unique party members to hire, train and equip Hunt exotic animals and harvest plants to feed your party Jungle, savanna, forest, desert and mountain environments 6 kingdoms with dozens of villages, castles, cities and islands to visit Improved battle system featuring new spell-casting enemies. Control your party's actions or let the AI do it for you! Learn what happened in the years following the chaotic events of Tales of Illyria Episode One: Fallen Knight and Tales of Illyria: Beyond the Iron Wall*A Note on the IAP Content - Tales of Illyria: Destinies is perfectly playable without the IAP content. The quest packs are merely expansions for those who want even more content, but both fans and new players can still experience thrilling gameplay from just the core game*After the game installs, additional graphic files will be downloaded depending on the resolution you pick. This ranges from 200MB to 1.2GB. You will need double that in free space to install the game. Rise as the hero of your own story as you struggle to survive in a world where demons and dysentery could plague your every step. Choose your name, appearance, gender and one of six kingdom origins. Each origin will have their own unique questline to pursue at your leisure.Don't want a personal quest? Become a mercenary and hire strong allies to battle at your side. Fight in the arena, sail the seas to distant ports, hunt down dragons and murderers, save that village, or rob that merchant caravan because you really, really need the gold.Earn a high enough reputation and kings will ask you to perform secret missions against rival kingdoms. Gain the favor of royalty, and you will receive estates, noble titles, and eternal glory.Tales of Illyria is a party-based RPG hybrid where you manage your supplies and fortunes while traveling in a challenging, open-world environment. Each party member has their own quest, and distinct personalities that will react differently to every hard choice you make on the road. What will your story be?Features: A standalone story you make your own 60+ hours of gameplay and high replayability 900+ unique encounters 12 unique party members to hire, train and equip Hunt exotic animals and harvest plants to feed your party Jungle, savanna, forest, desert and mountain environments 6 kingdoms with dozens of villages, castles, cities and islands to visit Improved battle system featuring new spell-casting enemies. Control your party's actions or let the AI do it for you! Learn what happened in the years following the chaotic events of Tales of Illyria Episode One: Fallen Knight and Tales of Illyria: Beyond the Iron Wall*A Note on the IAP Content - Tales of Illyria: Destinies is perfectly playable without the IAP content. The quest packs are merely expansions for those who want even more content, but both fans and new players can still experience thrilling gameplay from just the core game*After the game installs, additional graphic files will be downloaded depending on the resolution you pick. This ranges from 200MB to 1.2GB. You will need double that in free space to install the game. Don't want a personal quest? Become a mercenary and hire strong allies to battle at your side. Fight in the arena, sail the seas to distant ports, hunt down dragons and murderers, save that village, or rob that merchant caravan because you really, really need the gold.Earn a high enough reputation and kings will ask you to perform secret missions against rival kingdoms. Gain the favor of royalty, and you will receive estates, noble titles, and eternal glory.Tales of Illyria is a party-based RPG hybrid where you manage your supplies and fortunes while traveling in a challenging, open-world environment. Each party member has their own quest, and distinct personalities that will react differently to every hard choice you make on the road. What will your story be?Features: A standalone story you make your own 60+ hours of gameplay and high replayability 900+ unique encounters 12 unique party members to hire, train and equip Hunt exotic animals and harvest plants to feed your party Jungle, savanna, forest, desert and mountain environments 6 kingdoms with dozens of villages, castles, cities and islands to visit Improved battle system featuring new spell-casting enemies. Control your party's actions or let the AI do it for you! Learn what happened in the years following the chaotic events of Tales of Illyria Episode One: Fallen Knight and Tales of Illyria: Beyond the Iron Wall*A Note on the IAP Content - Tales of Illyria: Destinies is perfectly playable without the IAP content. The quest packs are merely expansions for those who want even more content, but both fans and new players can still experience thrilling gameplay from just the core game*After the game installs, additional graphic files will be downloaded depending on the resolution you pick. This ranges from 200MB to 1.2GB. You will need double that in free space to install the game. Earn a high enough reputation and kings will ask you to perform secret missions against rival kingdoms. Gain the favor of royalty, and you will receive estates, noble titles, and eternal glory.Tales of Illyria is a party-based RPG hybrid where you manage your supplies and fortunes while traveling in a challenging, open-world environment. Each party member has their own quest, and distinct personalities that will react differently to every hard choice you make on the road. What will your story be?Features: A standalone story you make your own 60+ hours of gameplay and high replayability 900+ unique encounters 12 unique party members to hire, train and equip Hunt exotic animals and harvest plants to feed your party Jungle, savanna, forest, desert and mountain environments 6 kingdoms with dozens of villages, castles, cities and islands to visit Improved battle system featuring new spell-casting enemies. Control your party's actions or let the AI do it for you! Learn what happened in the years following the chaotic events of Tales of Illyria Episode One: Fallen Knight and Tales of Illyria: Beyond the Iron Wall*A Note on the IAP Content - Tales of Illyria: Destinies is perfectly playable without the IAP content. The quest packs are merely expansions for those who want even more content, but both fans and new players can still experience thrilling gameplay from just the core game*After the game installs, additional graphic files will be downloaded depending on the resolution you pick. This ranges from 200MB to 1.2GB. You will need double that in free space to install the game. Tales of Illyria is a party-based RPG hybrid where you manage your supplies and fortunes while traveling in a challenging, open-world environment. Each party member has their own quest, and distinct personalities that will react differently to every hard choice you make on the road. What will your story be?Features: A standalone story you make your own 60+ hours of gameplay and high replayability 900+ unique encounters 12 unique party members to hire, train and equip Hunt exotic animals and harvest plants to feed your party Jungle, savanna, forest, desert and mountain environments 6 kingdoms with dozens of villages, castles, cities and islands to visit Improved battle system featuring new spell-casting enemies. Control your party's actions or let the AI do it for you! Learn what happened in the years following the chaotic events of Tales of Illyria Episode One: Fallen Knight and Tales of Illyria: Beyond the Iron Wall*A Note on the IAP Content - Tales of Illyria: Destinies is perfectly playable without the IAP content. The quest packs are merely expansions for those who want even more content, but both fans and new players can still experience thrilling gameplay from just the core game*After the game installs, additional graphic files will be downloaded depending on the resolution you pick. This ranges from 200MB to 1.2GB. You will need double that in free space to install the game. Features: A standalone story you make your own 60+ hours of gameplay and high replayability 900+ unique encounters 12 unique party members to hire, train and equip Hunt exotic animals and harvest plants to feed your party Jungle, savanna, forest, desert and mountain environments 6 kingdoms with dozens of villages, castles, cities and islands to visit Improved battle system featuring new spell-casting enemies. Control your party's actions or let the AI do it for you! Learn what happened in the years following the chaotic events of Tales of Illyria Episode One: Fallen Knight and Tales of Illyria: Beyond the Iron Wall*A Note on the IAP Content - Tales of Illyria: Destinies is perfectly playable without the IAP content. The quest packs are merely expansions for those who want even more content, but both fans and new players can still experience thrilling gameplay from just the core game*After the game installs, additional graphic files will be downloaded depending on the resolution you pick. This ranges from 200MB to 1.2GB. You will need double that in free space to install the game.  A standalone story you make your own 60+ hours of gameplay and high replayability 900+ unique encounters 12 unique party members to hire, train and equip Hunt exotic animals and harvest plants to feed your party Jungle, savanna, forest, desert and mountain environments 6 kingdoms with dozens of villages, castles, cities and islands to visit Improved battle system featuring new spell-casting enemies. Control your party's actions or let the AI do it for you! Learn what happened in the years following the chaotic events of Tales of Illyria Episode One: Fallen Knight and Tales of Illyria: Beyond the Iron Wall*A Note on the IAP Content - Tales of Illyria: Destinies is perfectly playable without the IAP content. The quest packs are merely expansions for those who want even more content, but both fans and new players can still experience thrilling gameplay from just the core game*After the game installs, additional graphic files will be downloaded depending on the resolution you pick. This ranges from 200MB to 1.2GB. You will need double that in free space to install the game. *A Note on the IAP Content - Tales of Illyria: Destinies is perfectly playable without the IAP content. The quest packs are merely expansions for those who want even more content, but both fans and new players can still experience thrilling gameplay from just the core game*After the game installs, additional graphic files will be downloaded depending on the resolution you pick. This ranges from 200MB to 1.2GB. You will need double that in free space to install the game. *After the game installs, additional graphic files will be downloaded depending on the resolution you pick. This ranges from 200MB to 1.2GB. You will need double that in free space to install the game.
'The Closest Thing to Pen and Paper on Mobile' - hardcoredroidYou are Lord Elric, a disgraced noble framed for the murder of his family in the world of Illyria. Hunted by assassins at every turn, Elric must gather his allies, manage a party of warriors and anti-heroes, and bring down an empire to either claim his revenge...or earn redemption.Tales of Illyria is an RPG hybrid mixing Oregon Trail and Choose-Your-Own-Adventure game mechanics. Each party member has a distinct personality and reacts differently to being sick, running out of supplies, and decisions that go against their alignment. Will you feed the hungry troll, or chase it off? Will you rob a caravan to gain precious gold? How will you save a man infected by the Black Death?Tales of Illyria: Fallen Knight is the first episode in the series. Each episode is a standalone RPG.Features (Enhanced Edition): 25+ hours of gameplay (new content!) Different story outcomes based on your decisions and karma 700 unique encounters Tactical combat can be real-time, turn based or AI-controlled 6 unique kingdoms with 42 villages, castles and cities to visit 6 stunning travel environments Tons of monsters, shops, equipment, spells and melee fighting styles 75 original music compositions Moga controller supportGoogle translation available for: Korean, German, Russian, Polish, Japanese, Swedish, Chinese, Spanish, Italian, French & Portuguese. Take Note: Customers report translation quality by Google to be low.After the game installs, additional graphic files will be downloaded depending on the resolution you pick. This ranges from 300MB to 1GB. You will need double that in free space to install the game.Check out our blog for full list of Enhanced Edition features: http://www.talesofillyria.com/episode-one-enhanced-edition-v-3-0-is-live-and-heres-the-changelog/ Like our Facebook page:https://www.facebook.com/TalesOfIllyriaFollow us on Twitter:https://twitter.com/TalesOfIllyriaTales of Illyria named one of the Top Ten Best Android Games - May 2013:http://www.androidheadlines.com/2013/05/featured-top-ten-best-android-games-may-2013.htmlKilla Penguin review:'Tales of Illyria is easily the best 5 bucks you can spend in the app store, period.'http://killapenguin.com/gamereviews/talesofillyria/Hardcoredroid review:'The Closest Thing to Pen and Paper on Mobile'http://www.hardcoredroid.com/tales-of-illyria-review/ You are Lord Elric, a disgraced noble framed for the murder of his family in the world of Illyria. Hunted by assassins at every turn, Elric must gather his allies, manage a party of warriors and anti-heroes, and bring down an empire to either claim his revenge...or earn redemption.Tales of Illyria is an RPG hybrid mixing Oregon Trail and Choose-Your-Own-Adventure game mechanics. Each party member has a distinct personality and reacts differently to being sick, running out of supplies, and decisions that go against their alignment. Will you feed the hungry troll, or chase it off? Will you rob a caravan to gain precious gold? How will you save a man infected by the Black Death?Tales of Illyria: Fallen Knight is the first episode in the series. Each episode is a standalone RPG.Features (Enhanced Edition): 25+ hours of gameplay (new content!) Different story outcomes based on your decisions and karma 700 unique encounters Tactical combat can be real-time, turn based or AI-controlled 6 unique kingdoms with 42 villages, castles and cities to visit 6 stunning travel environments Tons of monsters, shops, equipment, spells and melee fighting styles 75 original music compositions Moga controller supportGoogle translation available for: Korean, German, Russian, Polish, Japanese, Swedish, Chinese, Spanish, Italian, French & Portuguese. Take Note: Customers report translation quality by Google to be low.After the game installs, additional graphic files will be downloaded depending on the resolution you pick. This ranges from 300MB to 1GB. You will need double that in free space to install the game.Check out our blog for full list of Enhanced Edition features: http://www.talesofillyria.com/episode-one-enhanced-edition-v-3-0-is-live-and-heres-the-changelog/ Like our Facebook page:https://www.facebook.com/TalesOfIllyriaFollow us on Twitter:https://twitter.com/TalesOfIllyriaTales of Illyria named one of the Top Ten Best Android Games - May 2013:http://www.androidheadlines.com/2013/05/featured-top-ten-best-android-games-may-2013.htmlKilla Penguin review:'Tales of Illyria is easily the best 5 bucks you can spend in the app store, period.'http://killapenguin.com/gamereviews/talesofillyria/Hardcoredroid review:'The Closest Thing to Pen and Paper on Mobile'http://www.hardcoredroid.com/tales-of-illyria-review/ Tales of Illyria is an RPG hybrid mixing Oregon Trail and Choose-Your-Own-Adventure game mechanics. Each party member has a distinct personality and reacts differently to being sick, running out of supplies, and decisions that go against their alignment. Will you feed the hungry troll, or chase it off? Will you rob a caravan to gain precious gold? How will you save a man infected by the Black Death?Tales of Illyria: Fallen Knight is the first episode in the series. Each episode is a standalone RPG.Features (Enhanced Edition): 25+ hours of gameplay (new content!) Different story outcomes based on your decisions and karma 700 unique encounters Tactical combat can be real-time, turn based or AI-controlled 6 unique kingdoms with 42 villages, castles and cities to visit 6 stunning travel environments Tons of monsters, shops, equipment, spells and melee fighting styles 75 original music compositions Moga controller supportGoogle translation available for: Korean, German, Russian, Polish, Japanese, Swedish, Chinese, Spanish, Italian, French & Portuguese. Take Note: Customers report translation quality by Google to be low.After the game installs, additional graphic files will be downloaded depending on the resolution you pick. This ranges from 300MB to 1GB. You will need double that in free space to install the game.Check out our blog for full list of Enhanced Edition features: http://www.talesofillyria.com/episode-one-enhanced-edition-v-3-0-is-live-and-heres-the-changelog/ Like our Facebook page:https://www.facebook.com/TalesOfIllyriaFollow us on Twitter:https://twitter.com/TalesOfIllyriaTales of Illyria named one of the Top Ten Best Android Games - May 2013:http://www.androidheadlines.com/2013/05/featured-top-ten-best-android-games-may-2013.htmlKilla Penguin review:'Tales of Illyria is easily the best 5 bucks you can spend in the app store, period.'http://killapenguin.com/gamereviews/talesofillyria/Hardcoredroid review:'The Closest Thing to Pen and Paper on Mobile'http://www.hardcoredroid.com/tales-of-illyria-review/ Will you feed the hungry troll, or chase it off? Will you rob a caravan to gain precious gold? How will you save a man infected by the Black Death?Tales of Illyria: Fallen Knight is the first episode in the series. Each episode is a standalone RPG.Features (Enhanced Edition): 25+ hours of gameplay (new content!) Different story outcomes based on your decisions and karma 700 unique encounters Tactical combat can be real-time, turn based or AI-controlled 6 unique kingdoms with 42 villages, castles and cities to visit 6 stunning travel environments Tons of monsters, shops, equipment, spells and melee fighting styles 75 original music compositions Moga controller supportGoogle translation available for: Korean, German, Russian, Polish, Japanese, Swedish, Chinese, Spanish, Italian, French & Portuguese. Take Note: Customers report translation quality by Google to be low.After the game installs, additional graphic files will be downloaded depending on the resolution you pick. This ranges from 300MB to 1GB. You will need double that in free space to install the game.Check out our blog for full list of Enhanced Edition features: http://www.talesofillyria.com/episode-one-enhanced-edition-v-3-0-is-live-and-heres-the-changelog/ Like our Facebook page:https://www.facebook.com/TalesOfIllyriaFollow us on Twitter:https://twitter.com/TalesOfIllyriaTales of Illyria named one of the Top Ten Best Android Games - May 2013:http://www.androidheadlines.com/2013/05/featured-top-ten-best-android-games-may-2013.htmlKilla Penguin review:'Tales of Illyria is easily the best 5 bucks you can spend in the app store, period.'http://killapenguin.com/gamereviews/talesofillyria/Hardcoredroid review:'The Closest Thing to Pen and Paper on Mobile'http://www.hardcoredroid.com/tales-of-illyria-review/ Tales of Illyria: Fallen Knight is the first episode in the series. Each episode is a standalone RPG.Features (Enhanced Edition): 25+ hours of gameplay (new content!) Different story outcomes based on your decisions and karma 700 unique encounters Tactical combat can be real-time, turn based or AI-controlled 6 unique kingdoms with 42 villages, castles and cities to visit 6 stunning travel environments Tons of monsters, shops, equipment, spells and melee fighting styles 75 original music compositions Moga controller supportGoogle translation available for: Korean, German, Russian, Polish, Japanese, Swedish, Chinese, Spanish, Italian, French & Portuguese. Take Note: Customers report translation quality by Google to be low.After the game installs, additional graphic files will be downloaded depending on the resolution you pick. This ranges from 300MB to 1GB. You will need double that in free space to install the game.Check out our blog for full list of Enhanced Edition features: http://www.talesofillyria.com/episode-one-enhanced-edition-v-3-0-is-live-and-heres-the-changelog/ Like our Facebook page:https://www.facebook.com/TalesOfIllyriaFollow us on Twitter:https://twitter.com/TalesOfIllyriaTales of Illyria named one of the Top Ten Best Android Games - May 2013:http://www.androidheadlines.com/2013/05/featured-top-ten-best-android-games-may-2013.htmlKilla Penguin review:'Tales of Illyria is easily the best 5 bucks you can spend in the app store, period.'http://killapenguin.com/gamereviews/talesofillyria/Hardcoredroid review:'The Closest Thing to Pen and Paper on Mobile'http://www.hardcoredroid.com/tales-of-illyria-review/ Features (Enhanced Edition): 25+ hours of gameplay (new content!) Different story outcomes based on your decisions and karma 700 unique encounters Tactical combat can be real-time, turn based or AI-controlled 6 unique kingdoms with 42 villages, castles and cities to visit 6 stunning travel environments Tons of monsters, shops, equipment, spells and melee fighting styles 75 original music compositions Moga controller supportGoogle translation available for: Korean, German, Russian, Polish, Japanese, Swedish, Chinese, Spanish, Italian, French & Portuguese. Take Note: Customers report translation quality by Google to be low.After the game installs, additional graphic files will be downloaded depending on the resolution you pick. This ranges from 300MB to 1GB. You will need double that in free space to install the game.Check out our blog for full list of Enhanced Edition features: http://www.talesofillyria.com/episode-one-enhanced-edition-v-3-0-is-live-and-heres-the-changelog/ Like our Facebook page:https://www.facebook.com/TalesOfIllyriaFollow us on Twitter:https://twitter.com/TalesOfIllyriaTales of Illyria named one of the Top Ten Best Android Games - May 2013:http://www.androidheadlines.com/2013/05/featured-top-ten-best-android-games-may-2013.htmlKilla Penguin review:'Tales of Illyria is easily the best 5 bucks you can spend in the app store, period.'http://killapenguin.com/gamereviews/talesofillyria/Hardcoredroid review:'The Closest Thing to Pen and Paper on Mobile'http://www.hardcoredroid.com/tales-of-illyria-review/  25+ hours of gameplay (new content!) Different story outcomes based on your decisions and karma 700 unique encounters Tactical combat can be real-time, turn based or AI-controlled 6 unique kingdoms with 42 villages, castles and cities to visit 6 stunning travel environments Tons of monsters, shops, equipment, spells and melee fighting styles 75 original music compositions Moga controller supportGoogle translation available for: Korean, German, Russian, Polish, Japanese, Swedish, Chinese, Spanish, Italian, French & Portuguese. Take Note: Customers report translation quality by Google to be low.After the game installs, additional graphic files will be downloaded depending on the resolution you pick. This ranges from 300MB to 1GB. You will need double that in free space to install the game.Check out our blog for full list of Enhanced Edition features: http://www.talesofillyria.com/episode-one-enhanced-edition-v-3-0-is-live-and-heres-the-changelog/ Like our Facebook page:https://www.facebook.com/TalesOfIllyriaFollow us on Twitter:https://twitter.com/TalesOfIllyriaTales of Illyria named one of the Top Ten Best Android Games - May 2013:http://www.androidheadlines.com/2013/05/featured-top-ten-best-android-games-may-2013.htmlKilla Penguin review:'Tales of Illyria is easily the best 5 bucks you can spend in the app store, period.'http://killapenguin.com/gamereviews/talesofillyria/Hardcoredroid review:'The Closest Thing to Pen and Paper on Mobile'http://www.hardcoredroid.com/tales-of-illyria-review/ Google translation available for: Korean, German, Russian, Polish, Japanese, Swedish, Chinese, Spanish, Italian, French & Portuguese. Take Note: Customers report translation quality by Google to be low.After the game installs, additional graphic files will be downloaded depending on the resolution you pick. This ranges from 300MB to 1GB. You will need double that in free space to install the game.Check out our blog for full list of Enhanced Edition features: http://www.talesofillyria.com/episode-one-enhanced-edition-v-3-0-is-live-and-heres-the-changelog/ Like our Facebook page:https://www.facebook.com/TalesOfIllyriaFollow us on Twitter:https://twitter.com/TalesOfIllyriaTales of Illyria named one of the Top Ten Best Android Games - May 2013:http://www.androidheadlines.com/2013/05/featured-top-ten-best-android-games-may-2013.htmlKilla Penguin review:'Tales of Illyria is easily the best 5 bucks you can spend in the app store, period.'http://killapenguin.com/gamereviews/talesofillyria/Hardcoredroid review:'The Closest Thing to Pen and Paper on Mobile'http://www.hardcoredroid.com/tales-of-illyria-review/ After the game installs, additional graphic files will be downloaded depending on the resolution you pick. This ranges from 300MB to 1GB. You will need double that in free space to install the game.Check out our blog for full list of Enhanced Edition features: http://www.talesofillyria.com/episode-one-enhanced-edition-v-3-0-is-live-and-heres-the-changelog/ Like our Facebook page:https://www.facebook.com/TalesOfIllyriaFollow us on Twitter:https://twitter.com/TalesOfIllyriaTales of Illyria named one of the Top Ten Best Android Games - May 2013:http://www.androidheadlines.com/2013/05/featured-top-ten-best-android-games-may-2013.htmlKilla Penguin review:'Tales of Illyria is easily the best 5 bucks you can spend in the app store, period.'http://killapenguin.com/gamereviews/talesofillyria/Hardcoredroid review:'The Closest Thing to Pen and Paper on Mobile'http://www.hardcoredroid.com/tales-of-illyria-review/ Check out our blog for full list of Enhanced Edition features: http://www.talesofillyria.com/episode-one-enhanced-edition-v-3-0-is-live-and-heres-the-changelog/ Like our Facebook page:https://www.facebook.com/TalesOfIllyriaFollow us on Twitter:https://twitter.com/TalesOfIllyriaTales of Illyria named one of the Top Ten Best Android Games - May 2013:http://www.androidheadlines.com/2013/05/featured-top-ten-best-android-games-may-2013.htmlKilla Penguin review:'Tales of Illyria is easily the best 5 bucks you can spend in the app store, period.'http://killapenguin.com/gamereviews/talesofillyria/Hardcoredroid review:'The Closest Thing to Pen and Paper on Mobile'http://www.hardcoredroid.com/tales-of-illyria-review/ Like our Facebook page:https://www.facebook.com/TalesOfIllyriaFollow us on Twitter:https://twitter.com/TalesOfIllyriaTales of Illyria named one of the Top Ten Best Android Games - May 2013:http://www.androidheadlines.com/2013/05/featured-top-ten-best-android-games-may-2013.htmlKilla Penguin review:'Tales of Illyria is easily the best 5 bucks you can spend in the app store, period.'http://killapenguin.com/gamereviews/talesofillyria/Hardcoredroid review:'The Closest Thing to Pen and Paper on Mobile'http://www.hardcoredroid.com/tales-of-illyria-review/ Follow us on Twitter:https://twitter.com/TalesOfIllyriaTales of Illyria named one of the Top Ten Best Android Games - May 2013:http://www.androidheadlines.com/2013/05/featured-top-ten-best-android-games-may-2013.htmlKilla Penguin review:'Tales of Illyria is easily the best 5 bucks you can spend in the app store, period.'http://killapenguin.com/gamereviews/talesofillyria/Hardcoredroid review:'The Closest Thing to Pen and Paper on Mobile'http://www.hardcoredroid.com/tales-of-illyria-review/ Tales of Illyria named one of the Top Ten Best Android Games - May 2013:http://www.androidheadlines.com/2013/05/featured-top-ten-best-android-games-may-2013.htmlKilla Penguin review:'Tales of Illyria is easily the best 5 bucks you can spend in the app store, period.'http://killapenguin.com/gamereviews/talesofillyria/Hardcoredroid review:'The Closest Thing to Pen and Paper on Mobile'http://www.hardcoredroid.com/tales-of-illyria-review/ Killa Penguin review:'Tales of Illyria is easily the best 5 bucks you can spend in the app store, period.'http://killapenguin.com/gamereviews/talesofillyria/Hardcoredroid review:'The Closest Thing to Pen and Paper on Mobile'http://www.hardcoredroid.com/tales-of-illyria-review/ Hardcoredroid review:'The Closest Thing to Pen and Paper on Mobile'http://www.hardcoredroid.com/tales-of-illyria-review/
DIG! FIGHT! EXPLORE! BUILD! Join the community of millions of Terrarians!Terraria so damn engrossing. And it makes those comparisons to Minecraft seem a little half baked. - Pocket Gamer"This is the full version of Terraria, built from the ground up... If you loved it on PC or consoles, youll love it here. - Slide To PlayTerraria takes a different approach to a formula proven by Minecraft in perspective, combat, immersive-storytelling and  most importantly  moments of discovery. - Touch Arcade**Requires Android OS 4.0.3 and above and 512MB RAM (1GB RAM recommended).*****If your device has less than 1GB of memory, you may experience performance issues if you create an Expanded World. The option to create Expanded Worlds is not available on devices with 512MB RAM or less.***In Terraria, every world is unique -- from the floating islands in the sky to the deepest level of The Underworld. Adventure to the ends of the earth, and battle villainous bosses along the way. The world is your canvas and action-packed, sandbox adventures are just a pickaxe swing away!- MULTIPLAYER - Local WiFi games support up to 4 players cross-platform on any mobile device!- 1360+ CRAFTING RECIPES - weapons, armor, potions, and more!- 450+ ENEMIES!- 100+ BLOCK TYPES to build anything you can imagine!- 30+ PETS!- 20+ BOSSES!- Over a DOZEN environments to explore!- Dynamic water & lava, day/night cycles!- Create worlds as large as 4200 x 1200 tiles ("Small" worlds on PC)!Every pixel of Terraria has been crafted for the BEST possible mobile experience!Follow us on Twitter @Terraria_Logic and @505_GamesLike us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TerrariaOfficial and https://www.facebook.com/505GamesVisit us on the web at www.terraria.org Terraria so damn engrossing. And it makes those comparisons to Minecraft seem a little half baked. - Pocket Gamer"This is the full version of Terraria, built from the ground up... If you loved it on PC or consoles, youll love it here. - Slide To PlayTerraria takes a different approach to a formula proven by Minecraft in perspective, combat, immersive-storytelling and  most importantly  moments of discovery. - Touch Arcade**Requires Android OS 4.0.3 and above and 512MB RAM (1GB RAM recommended).*****If your device has less than 1GB of memory, you may experience performance issues if you create an Expanded World. The option to create Expanded Worlds is not available on devices with 512MB RAM or less.***In Terraria, every world is unique -- from the floating islands in the sky to the deepest level of The Underworld. Adventure to the ends of the earth, and battle villainous bosses along the way. The world is your canvas and action-packed, sandbox adventures are just a pickaxe swing away!- MULTIPLAYER - Local WiFi games support up to 4 players cross-platform on any mobile device!- 1360+ CRAFTING RECIPES - weapons, armor, potions, and more!- 450+ ENEMIES!- 100+ BLOCK TYPES to build anything you can imagine!- 30+ PETS!- 20+ BOSSES!- Over a DOZEN environments to explore!- Dynamic water & lava, day/night cycles!- Create worlds as large as 4200 x 1200 tiles ("Small" worlds on PC)!Every pixel of Terraria has been crafted for the BEST possible mobile experience!Follow us on Twitter @Terraria_Logic and @505_GamesLike us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TerrariaOfficial and https://www.facebook.com/505GamesVisit us on the web at www.terraria.org "This is the full version of Terraria, built from the ground up... If you loved it on PC or consoles, youll love it here. - Slide To PlayTerraria takes a different approach to a formula proven by Minecraft in perspective, combat, immersive-storytelling and  most importantly  moments of discovery. - Touch Arcade**Requires Android OS 4.0.3 and above and 512MB RAM (1GB RAM recommended).*****If your device has less than 1GB of memory, you may experience performance issues if you create an Expanded World. The option to create Expanded Worlds is not available on devices with 512MB RAM or less.***In Terraria, every world is unique -- from the floating islands in the sky to the deepest level of The Underworld. Adventure to the ends of the earth, and battle villainous bosses along the way. The world is your canvas and action-packed, sandbox adventures are just a pickaxe swing away!- MULTIPLAYER - Local WiFi games support up to 4 players cross-platform on any mobile device!- 1360+ CRAFTING RECIPES - weapons, armor, potions, and more!- 450+ ENEMIES!- 100+ BLOCK TYPES to build anything you can imagine!- 30+ PETS!- 20+ BOSSES!- Over a DOZEN environments to explore!- Dynamic water & lava, day/night cycles!- Create worlds as large as 4200 x 1200 tiles ("Small" worlds on PC)!Every pixel of Terraria has been crafted for the BEST possible mobile experience!Follow us on Twitter @Terraria_Logic and @505_GamesLike us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TerrariaOfficial and https://www.facebook.com/505GamesVisit us on the web at www.terraria.org Terraria takes a different approach to a formula proven by Minecraft in perspective, combat, immersive-storytelling and  most importantly  moments of discovery. - Touch Arcade**Requires Android OS 4.0.3 and above and 512MB RAM (1GB RAM recommended).*****If your device has less than 1GB of memory, you may experience performance issues if you create an Expanded World. The option to create Expanded Worlds is not available on devices with 512MB RAM or less.***In Terraria, every world is unique -- from the floating islands in the sky to the deepest level of The Underworld. Adventure to the ends of the earth, and battle villainous bosses along the way. The world is your canvas and action-packed, sandbox adventures are just a pickaxe swing away!- MULTIPLAYER - Local WiFi games support up to 4 players cross-platform on any mobile device!- 1360+ CRAFTING RECIPES - weapons, armor, potions, and more!- 450+ ENEMIES!- 100+ BLOCK TYPES to build anything you can imagine!- 30+ PETS!- 20+ BOSSES!- Over a DOZEN environments to explore!- Dynamic water & lava, day/night cycles!- Create worlds as large as 4200 x 1200 tiles ("Small" worlds on PC)!Every pixel of Terraria has been crafted for the BEST possible mobile experience!Follow us on Twitter @Terraria_Logic and @505_GamesLike us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TerrariaOfficial and https://www.facebook.com/505GamesVisit us on the web at www.terraria.org **Requires Android OS 4.0.3 and above and 512MB RAM (1GB RAM recommended).*****If your device has less than 1GB of memory, you may experience performance issues if you create an Expanded World. The option to create Expanded Worlds is not available on devices with 512MB RAM or less.***In Terraria, every world is unique -- from the floating islands in the sky to the deepest level of The Underworld. Adventure to the ends of the earth, and battle villainous bosses along the way. The world is your canvas and action-packed, sandbox adventures are just a pickaxe swing away!- MULTIPLAYER - Local WiFi games support up to 4 players cross-platform on any mobile device!- 1360+ CRAFTING RECIPES - weapons, armor, potions, and more!- 450+ ENEMIES!- 100+ BLOCK TYPES to build anything you can imagine!- 30+ PETS!- 20+ BOSSES!- Over a DOZEN environments to explore!- Dynamic water & lava, day/night cycles!- Create worlds as large as 4200 x 1200 tiles ("Small" worlds on PC)!Every pixel of Terraria has been crafted for the BEST possible mobile experience!Follow us on Twitter @Terraria_Logic and @505_GamesLike us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TerrariaOfficial and https://www.facebook.com/505GamesVisit us on the web at www.terraria.org ***If your device has less than 1GB of memory, you may experience performance issues if you create an Expanded World. The option to create Expanded Worlds is not available on devices with 512MB RAM or less.***In Terraria, every world is unique -- from the floating islands in the sky to the deepest level of The Underworld. Adventure to the ends of the earth, and battle villainous bosses along the way. The world is your canvas and action-packed, sandbox adventures are just a pickaxe swing away!- MULTIPLAYER - Local WiFi games support up to 4 players cross-platform on any mobile device!- 1360+ CRAFTING RECIPES - weapons, armor, potions, and more!- 450+ ENEMIES!- 100+ BLOCK TYPES to build anything you can imagine!- 30+ PETS!- 20+ BOSSES!- Over a DOZEN environments to explore!- Dynamic water & lava, day/night cycles!- Create worlds as large as 4200 x 1200 tiles ("Small" worlds on PC)!Every pixel of Terraria has been crafted for the BEST possible mobile experience!Follow us on Twitter @Terraria_Logic and @505_GamesLike us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TerrariaOfficial and https://www.facebook.com/505GamesVisit us on the web at www.terraria.org In Terraria, every world is unique -- from the floating islands in the sky to the deepest level of The Underworld. Adventure to the ends of the earth, and battle villainous bosses along the way. The world is your canvas and action-packed, sandbox adventures are just a pickaxe swing away!- MULTIPLAYER - Local WiFi games support up to 4 players cross-platform on any mobile device!- 1360+ CRAFTING RECIPES - weapons, armor, potions, and more!- 450+ ENEMIES!- 100+ BLOCK TYPES to build anything you can imagine!- 30+ PETS!- 20+ BOSSES!- Over a DOZEN environments to explore!- Dynamic water & lava, day/night cycles!- Create worlds as large as 4200 x 1200 tiles ("Small" worlds on PC)!Every pixel of Terraria has been crafted for the BEST possible mobile experience!Follow us on Twitter @Terraria_Logic and @505_GamesLike us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TerrariaOfficial and https://www.facebook.com/505GamesVisit us on the web at www.terraria.org - MULTIPLAYER - Local WiFi games support up to 4 players cross-platform on any mobile device!- 1360+ CRAFTING RECIPES - weapons, armor, potions, and more!- 450+ ENEMIES!- 100+ BLOCK TYPES to build anything you can imagine!- 30+ PETS!- 20+ BOSSES!- Over a DOZEN environments to explore!- Dynamic water & lava, day/night cycles!- Create worlds as large as 4200 x 1200 tiles ("Small" worlds on PC)!Every pixel of Terraria has been crafted for the BEST possible mobile experience!Follow us on Twitter @Terraria_Logic and @505_GamesLike us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TerrariaOfficial and https://www.facebook.com/505GamesVisit us on the web at www.terraria.org - 1360+ CRAFTING RECIPES - weapons, armor, potions, and more!- 450+ ENEMIES!- 100+ BLOCK TYPES to build anything you can imagine!- 30+ PETS!- 20+ BOSSES!- Over a DOZEN environments to explore!- Dynamic water & lava, day/night cycles!- Create worlds as large as 4200 x 1200 tiles ("Small" worlds on PC)!Every pixel of Terraria has been crafted for the BEST possible mobile experience!Follow us on Twitter @Terraria_Logic and @505_GamesLike us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TerrariaOfficial and https://www.facebook.com/505GamesVisit us on the web at www.terraria.org - 450+ ENEMIES!- 100+ BLOCK TYPES to build anything you can imagine!- 30+ PETS!- 20+ BOSSES!- Over a DOZEN environments to explore!- Dynamic water & lava, day/night cycles!- Create worlds as large as 4200 x 1200 tiles ("Small" worlds on PC)!Every pixel of Terraria has been crafted for the BEST possible mobile experience!Follow us on Twitter @Terraria_Logic and @505_GamesLike us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TerrariaOfficial and https://www.facebook.com/505GamesVisit us on the web at www.terraria.org - 100+ BLOCK TYPES to build anything you can imagine!- 30+ PETS!- 20+ BOSSES!- Over a DOZEN environments to explore!- Dynamic water & lava, day/night cycles!- Create worlds as large as 4200 x 1200 tiles ("Small" worlds on PC)!Every pixel of Terraria has been crafted for the BEST possible mobile experience!Follow us on Twitter @Terraria_Logic and @505_GamesLike us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TerrariaOfficial and https://www.facebook.com/505GamesVisit us on the web at www.terraria.org - 30+ PETS!- 20+ BOSSES!- Over a DOZEN environments to explore!- Dynamic water & lava, day/night cycles!- Create worlds as large as 4200 x 1200 tiles ("Small" worlds on PC)!Every pixel of Terraria has been crafted for the BEST possible mobile experience!Follow us on Twitter @Terraria_Logic and @505_GamesLike us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TerrariaOfficial and https://www.facebook.com/505GamesVisit us on the web at www.terraria.org - 20+ BOSSES!- Over a DOZEN environments to explore!- Dynamic water & lava, day/night cycles!- Create worlds as large as 4200 x 1200 tiles ("Small" worlds on PC)!Every pixel of Terraria has been crafted for the BEST possible mobile experience!Follow us on Twitter @Terraria_Logic and @505_GamesLike us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TerrariaOfficial and https://www.facebook.com/505GamesVisit us on the web at www.terraria.org - Over a DOZEN environments to explore!- Dynamic water & lava, day/night cycles!- Create worlds as large as 4200 x 1200 tiles ("Small" worlds on PC)!Every pixel of Terraria has been crafted for the BEST possible mobile experience!Follow us on Twitter @Terraria_Logic and @505_GamesLike us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TerrariaOfficial and https://www.facebook.com/505GamesVisit us on the web at www.terraria.org - Dynamic water & lava, day/night cycles!- Create worlds as large as 4200 x 1200 tiles ("Small" worlds on PC)!Every pixel of Terraria has been crafted for the BEST possible mobile experience!Follow us on Twitter @Terraria_Logic and @505_GamesLike us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TerrariaOfficial and https://www.facebook.com/505GamesVisit us on the web at www.terraria.org - Create worlds as large as 4200 x 1200 tiles ("Small" worlds on PC)!Every pixel of Terraria has been crafted for the BEST possible mobile experience!Follow us on Twitter @Terraria_Logic and @505_GamesLike us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TerrariaOfficial and https://www.facebook.com/505GamesVisit us on the web at www.terraria.org Every pixel of Terraria has been crafted for the BEST possible mobile experience!Follow us on Twitter @Terraria_Logic and @505_GamesLike us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TerrariaOfficial and https://www.facebook.com/505GamesVisit us on the web at www.terraria.org Follow us on Twitter @Terraria_Logic and @505_GamesLike us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TerrariaOfficial and https://www.facebook.com/505GamesVisit us on the web at www.terraria.org Like us on Facebook at www.facebook.com/TerrariaOfficial and https://www.facebook.com/505GamesVisit us on the web at www.terraria.org Visit us on the web at www.terraria.org
 The Bards Tale is easily the funniest game Ive ever played  IGN  Google Play Editor's Choice      Best of 2012 - Games      They said it couldnt be done a full-scale massive 3D epic role-playing game on Android!  See why its the BIGGEST Android game ever made!NOTE: Additional assets downloaded after install require at least 1.7GB of free space.RECOMMENDED DEVICE SPECIFICATION: 1GHz or higher CPU; Adreno 205, Tegra 2, SGX 540 or Mali 400 or higher GPU.The Bards Tale is easily the funniest game Ive ever played, and Ive played all the funny games out there.  IGNYou are the Bard, a selfish rogue weary of pointless sub-quests and rat-infested cellars.  Through magical song you summon characters to join you in battle, heal your party, and take damage on your behalf.  Ready your weapon as you embark on a quest for coin and cleavage!Ready your weapon and bladder as you embark on this ridiculously addicting quest and the funniest adventure of the year, The Bards Tale  Game ChroniclesPlay The Bards Tale today on your favorite compatible Android device*.  Prepare to immerse yourself in over 20-30 hours of adventure, featuring: 50 enemy types (not counting bosses!)  A vast world to explore with towns, wild forests, rivers, castles, towers, secret dungeons, snowy mountains, caverns, haunted tombs and more  A full cast of bizarre NPCs  Over a dozen special boss enemies to defeat  16 magical characters to discover and then summon at will to aid you  Over 150 unique items of weaponry, armor, instruments, tokens, artifacts and loot!  More Song & Dance numbers than any other game, including a zombie dance-off!  Over 14 hours of outstanding voice-acting from top Hollywood talent, including Cary Elwes (The Princess Bride) as the Bard, and the inimitable Tony Jay as the NarratorBut wait! Thats not all! Enjoy these great new additions in the Android version:New Features: Autosaveoption to save automatically when you near a save-book in game. Time-Saversoptional in-app purchases are available to pump up your Bard and save you time! (Note: All such items are attainable through normal game-play, with time and persistence, just as in the original console release.)   Includes the original classic The Bards Tale trilogy!   + The Bard's Tale 1: Tales of the Unknown   + The Bard's Tale 2: The Destiny Knight, and   + The Bard's Tale 3: Thief of FateThis game is satire in its sharpest form  Cheat Code CentralPlay The Bards Tale today!Support:We hear you, and we are committed to improving The Bards Tale for Android.  Please send support questions/comments through The Bards Tale Support link below.  You are also welcome to join the discussion and get the latest news on our Facebook product page The Bards Tale.IT IS HUGE!Please note: Asset installation requires at least 1.7GB of free space on your device.  Thank you for your patience with the download time.Android adaptation by Square One Games.* Compatible with Android 2.3 and higher. XPeria Play Optimized.Native Gamepad Support:   o Wii Classic Controller (native or with free WiimoteController App)   o Xbox 360 & Logitech F310/510/710 in X mode.   o PS3 SixAxis and Dualshock (native or with SixAxis Controller App). If using Sixaxis Controller app, use default key mappings set Enable Gamepad option to be ON.   o NYKO PLAYPAD & PLAYPAD PRO   o MOGA Controller (with MOGA app or ObsidianX IME)   o MOGA PRO (HID and Pivot App)   o GameStop Red Samurai   o Green Throttle (requires GT Arena app)   o NVIDIA Project ShieldSixAxis, WiiController & MOGA IMEs must be disabled to play original Bards Tale trilogy.Supported languages: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russia, Korean, Polish They said it couldnt be done a full-scale massive 3D epic role-playing game on Android!  See why its the BIGGEST Android game ever made!NOTE: Additional assets downloaded after install require at least 1.7GB of free space.RECOMMENDED DEVICE SPECIFICATION: 1GHz or higher CPU; Adreno 205, Tegra 2, SGX 540 or Mali 400 or higher GPU.The Bards Tale is easily the funniest game Ive ever played, and Ive played all the funny games out there.  IGNYou are the Bard, a selfish rogue weary of pointless sub-quests and rat-infested cellars.  Through magical song you summon characters to join you in battle, heal your party, and take damage on your behalf.  Ready your weapon as you embark on a quest for coin and cleavage!Ready your weapon and bladder as you embark on this ridiculously addicting quest and the funniest adventure of the year, The Bards Tale  Game ChroniclesPlay The Bards Tale today on your favorite compatible Android device*.  Prepare to immerse yourself in over 20-30 hours of adventure, featuring: 50 enemy types (not counting bosses!)  A vast world to explore with towns, wild forests, rivers, castles, towers, secret dungeons, snowy mountains, caverns, haunted tombs and more  A full cast of bizarre NPCs  Over a dozen special boss enemies to defeat  16 magical characters to discover and then summon at will to aid you  Over 150 unique items of weaponry, armor, instruments, tokens, artifacts and loot!  More Song & Dance numbers than any other game, including a zombie dance-off!  Over 14 hours of outstanding voice-acting from top Hollywood talent, including Cary Elwes (The Princess Bride) as the Bard, and the inimitable Tony Jay as the NarratorBut wait! Thats not all! Enjoy these great new additions in the Android version:New Features: Autosaveoption to save automatically when you near a save-book in game. Time-Saversoptional in-app purchases are available to pump up your Bard and save you time! (Note: All such items are attainable through normal game-play, with time and persistence, just as in the original console release.)   Includes the original classic The Bards Tale trilogy!   + The Bard's Tale 1: Tales of the Unknown   + The Bard's Tale 2: The Destiny Knight, and   + The Bard's Tale 3: Thief of FateThis game is satire in its sharpest form  Cheat Code CentralPlay The Bards Tale today!Support:We hear you, and we are committed to improving The Bards Tale for Android.  Please send support questions/comments through The Bards Tale Support link below.  You are also welcome to join the discussion and get the latest news on our Facebook product page The Bards Tale.IT IS HUGE!Please note: Asset installation requires at least 1.7GB of free space on your device.  Thank you for your patience with the download time.Android adaptation by Square One Games.* Compatible with Android 2.3 and higher. XPeria Play Optimized.Native Gamepad Support:   o Wii Classic Controller (native or with free WiimoteController App)   o Xbox 360 & Logitech F310/510/710 in X mode.   o PS3 SixAxis and Dualshock (native or with SixAxis Controller App). If using Sixaxis Controller app, use default key mappings set Enable Gamepad option to be ON.   o NYKO PLAYPAD & PLAYPAD PRO   o MOGA Controller (with MOGA app or ObsidianX IME)   o MOGA PRO (HID and Pivot App)   o GameStop Red Samurai   o Green Throttle (requires GT Arena app)   o NVIDIA Project ShieldSixAxis, WiiController & MOGA IMEs must be disabled to play original Bards Tale trilogy.Supported languages: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russia, Korean, Polish NOTE: Additional assets downloaded after install require at least 1.7GB of free space.RECOMMENDED DEVICE SPECIFICATION: 1GHz or higher CPU; Adreno 205, Tegra 2, SGX 540 or Mali 400 or higher GPU.The Bards Tale is easily the funniest game Ive ever played, and Ive played all the funny games out there.  IGNYou are the Bard, a selfish rogue weary of pointless sub-quests and rat-infested cellars.  Through magical song you summon characters to join you in battle, heal your party, and take damage on your behalf.  Ready your weapon as you embark on a quest for coin and cleavage!Ready your weapon and bladder as you embark on this ridiculously addicting quest and the funniest adventure of the year, The Bards Tale  Game ChroniclesPlay The Bards Tale today on your favorite compatible Android device*.  Prepare to immerse yourself in over 20-30 hours of adventure, featuring: 50 enemy types (not counting bosses!)  A vast world to explore with towns, wild forests, rivers, castles, towers, secret dungeons, snowy mountains, caverns, haunted tombs and more  A full cast of bizarre NPCs  Over a dozen special boss enemies to defeat  16 magical characters to discover and then summon at will to aid you  Over 150 unique items of weaponry, armor, instruments, tokens, artifacts and loot!  More Song & Dance numbers than any other game, including a zombie dance-off!  Over 14 hours of outstanding voice-acting from top Hollywood talent, including Cary Elwes (The Princess Bride) as the Bard, and the inimitable Tony Jay as the NarratorBut wait! Thats not all! Enjoy these great new additions in the Android version:New Features: Autosaveoption to save automatically when you near a save-book in game. Time-Saversoptional in-app purchases are available to pump up your Bard and save you time! (Note: All such items are attainable through normal game-play, with time and persistence, just as in the original console release.)   Includes the original classic The Bards Tale trilogy!   + The Bard's Tale 1: Tales of the Unknown   + The Bard's Tale 2: The Destiny Knight, and   + The Bard's Tale 3: Thief of FateThis game is satire in its sharpest form  Cheat Code CentralPlay The Bards Tale today!Support:We hear you, and we are committed to improving The Bards Tale for Android.  Please send support questions/comments through The Bards Tale Support link below.  You are also welcome to join the discussion and get the latest news on our Facebook product page The Bards Tale.IT IS HUGE!Please note: Asset installation requires at least 1.7GB of free space on your device.  Thank you for your patience with the download time.Android adaptation by Square One Games.* Compatible with Android 2.3 and higher. XPeria Play Optimized.Native Gamepad Support:   o Wii Classic Controller (native or with free WiimoteController App)   o Xbox 360 & Logitech F310/510/710 in X mode.   o PS3 SixAxis and Dualshock (native or with SixAxis Controller App). If using Sixaxis Controller app, use default key mappings set Enable Gamepad option to be ON.   o NYKO PLAYPAD & PLAYPAD PRO   o MOGA Controller (with MOGA app or ObsidianX IME)   o MOGA PRO (HID and Pivot App)   o GameStop Red Samurai   o Green Throttle (requires GT Arena app)   o NVIDIA Project ShieldSixAxis, WiiController & MOGA IMEs must be disabled to play original Bards Tale trilogy.Supported languages: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russia, Korean, Polish RECOMMENDED DEVICE SPECIFICATION: 1GHz or higher CPU; Adreno 205, Tegra 2, SGX 540 or Mali 400 or higher GPU.The Bards Tale is easily the funniest game Ive ever played, and Ive played all the funny games out there.  IGNYou are the Bard, a selfish rogue weary of pointless sub-quests and rat-infested cellars.  Through magical song you summon characters to join you in battle, heal your party, and take damage on your behalf.  Ready your weapon as you embark on a quest for coin and cleavage!Ready your weapon and bladder as you embark on this ridiculously addicting quest and the funniest adventure of the year, The Bards Tale  Game ChroniclesPlay The Bards Tale today on your favorite compatible Android device*.  Prepare to immerse yourself in over 20-30 hours of adventure, featuring: 50 enemy types (not counting bosses!)  A vast world to explore with towns, wild forests, rivers, castles, towers, secret dungeons, snowy mountains, caverns, haunted tombs and more  A full cast of bizarre NPCs  Over a dozen special boss enemies to defeat  16 magical characters to discover and then summon at will to aid you  Over 150 unique items of weaponry, armor, instruments, tokens, artifacts and loot!  More Song & Dance numbers than any other game, including a zombie dance-off!  Over 14 hours of outstanding voice-acting from top Hollywood talent, including Cary Elwes (The Princess Bride) as the Bard, and the inimitable Tony Jay as the NarratorBut wait! Thats not all! Enjoy these great new additions in the Android version:New Features: Autosaveoption to save automatically when you near a save-book in game. Time-Saversoptional in-app purchases are available to pump up your Bard and save you time! (Note: All such items are attainable through normal game-play, with time and persistence, just as in the original console release.)   Includes the original classic The Bards Tale trilogy!   + The Bard's Tale 1: Tales of the Unknown   + The Bard's Tale 2: The Destiny Knight, and   + The Bard's Tale 3: Thief of FateThis game is satire in its sharpest form  Cheat Code CentralPlay The Bards Tale today!Support:We hear you, and we are committed to improving The Bards Tale for Android.  Please send support questions/comments through The Bards Tale Support link below.  You are also welcome to join the discussion and get the latest news on our Facebook product page The Bards Tale.IT IS HUGE!Please note: Asset installation requires at least 1.7GB of free space on your device.  Thank you for your patience with the download time.Android adaptation by Square One Games.* Compatible with Android 2.3 and higher. XPeria Play Optimized.Native Gamepad Support:   o Wii Classic Controller (native or with free WiimoteController App)   o Xbox 360 & Logitech F310/510/710 in X mode.   o PS3 SixAxis and Dualshock (native or with SixAxis Controller App). If using Sixaxis Controller app, use default key mappings set Enable Gamepad option to be ON.   o NYKO PLAYPAD & PLAYPAD PRO   o MOGA Controller (with MOGA app or ObsidianX IME)   o MOGA PRO (HID and Pivot App)   o GameStop Red Samurai   o Green Throttle (requires GT Arena app)   o NVIDIA Project ShieldSixAxis, WiiController & MOGA IMEs must be disabled to play original Bards Tale trilogy.Supported languages: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russia, Korean, Polish The Bards Tale is easily the funniest game Ive ever played, and Ive played all the funny games out there.  IGNYou are the Bard, a selfish rogue weary of pointless sub-quests and rat-infested cellars.  Through magical song you summon characters to join you in battle, heal your party, and take damage on your behalf.  Ready your weapon as you embark on a quest for coin and cleavage!Ready your weapon and bladder as you embark on this ridiculously addicting quest and the funniest adventure of the year, The Bards Tale  Game ChroniclesPlay The Bards Tale today on your favorite compatible Android device*.  Prepare to immerse yourself in over 20-30 hours of adventure, featuring: 50 enemy types (not counting bosses!)  A vast world to explore with towns, wild forests, rivers, castles, towers, secret dungeons, snowy mountains, caverns, haunted tombs and more  A full cast of bizarre NPCs  Over a dozen special boss enemies to defeat  16 magical characters to discover and then summon at will to aid you  Over 150 unique items of weaponry, armor, instruments, tokens, artifacts and loot!  More Song & Dance numbers than any other game, including a zombie dance-off!  Over 14 hours of outstanding voice-acting from top Hollywood talent, including Cary Elwes (The Princess Bride) as the Bard, and the inimitable Tony Jay as the NarratorBut wait! Thats not all! Enjoy these great new additions in the Android version:New Features: Autosaveoption to save automatically when you near a save-book in game. Time-Saversoptional in-app purchases are available to pump up your Bard and save you time! (Note: All such items are attainable through normal game-play, with time and persistence, just as in the original console release.)   Includes the original classic The Bards Tale trilogy!   + The Bard's Tale 1: Tales of the Unknown   + The Bard's Tale 2: The Destiny Knight, and   + The Bard's Tale 3: Thief of FateThis game is satire in its sharpest form  Cheat Code CentralPlay The Bards Tale today!Support:We hear you, and we are committed to improving The Bards Tale for Android.  Please send support questions/comments through The Bards Tale Support link below.  You are also welcome to join the discussion and get the latest news on our Facebook product page The Bards Tale.IT IS HUGE!Please note: Asset installation requires at least 1.7GB of free space on your device.  Thank you for your patience with the download time.Android adaptation by Square One Games.* Compatible with Android 2.3 and higher. XPeria Play Optimized.Native Gamepad Support:   o Wii Classic Controller (native or with free WiimoteController App)   o Xbox 360 & Logitech F310/510/710 in X mode.   o PS3 SixAxis and Dualshock (native or with SixAxis Controller App). If using Sixaxis Controller app, use default key mappings set Enable Gamepad option to be ON.   o NYKO PLAYPAD & PLAYPAD PRO   o MOGA Controller (with MOGA app or ObsidianX IME)   o MOGA PRO (HID and Pivot App)   o GameStop Red Samurai   o Green Throttle (requires GT Arena app)   o NVIDIA Project ShieldSixAxis, WiiController & MOGA IMEs must be disabled to play original Bards Tale trilogy.Supported languages: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russia, Korean, Polish You are the Bard, a selfish rogue weary of pointless sub-quests and rat-infested cellars.  Through magical song you summon characters to join you in battle, heal your party, and take damage on your behalf.  Ready your weapon as you embark on a quest for coin and cleavage!Ready your weapon and bladder as you embark on this ridiculously addicting quest and the funniest adventure of the year, The Bards Tale  Game ChroniclesPlay The Bards Tale today on your favorite compatible Android device*.  Prepare to immerse yourself in over 20-30 hours of adventure, featuring: 50 enemy types (not counting bosses!)  A vast world to explore with towns, wild forests, rivers, castles, towers, secret dungeons, snowy mountains, caverns, haunted tombs and more  A full cast of bizarre NPCs  Over a dozen special boss enemies to defeat  16 magical characters to discover and then summon at will to aid you  Over 150 unique items of weaponry, armor, instruments, tokens, artifacts and loot!  More Song & Dance numbers than any other game, including a zombie dance-off!  Over 14 hours of outstanding voice-acting from top Hollywood talent, including Cary Elwes (The Princess Bride) as the Bard, and the inimitable Tony Jay as the NarratorBut wait! Thats not all! Enjoy these great new additions in the Android version:New Features: Autosaveoption to save automatically when you near a save-book in game. Time-Saversoptional in-app purchases are available to pump up your Bard and save you time! (Note: All such items are attainable through normal game-play, with time and persistence, just as in the original console release.)   Includes the original classic The Bards Tale trilogy!   + The Bard's Tale 1: Tales of the Unknown   + The Bard's Tale 2: The Destiny Knight, and   + The Bard's Tale 3: Thief of FateThis game is satire in its sharpest form  Cheat Code CentralPlay The Bards Tale today!Support:We hear you, and we are committed to improving The Bards Tale for Android.  Please send support questions/comments through The Bards Tale Support link below.  You are also welcome to join the discussion and get the latest news on our Facebook product page The Bards Tale.IT IS HUGE!Please note: Asset installation requires at least 1.7GB of free space on your device.  Thank you for your patience with the download time.Android adaptation by Square One Games.* Compatible with Android 2.3 and higher. XPeria Play Optimized.Native Gamepad Support:   o Wii Classic Controller (native or with free WiimoteController App)   o Xbox 360 & Logitech F310/510/710 in X mode.   o PS3 SixAxis and Dualshock (native or with SixAxis Controller App). If using Sixaxis Controller app, use default key mappings set Enable Gamepad option to be ON.   o NYKO PLAYPAD & PLAYPAD PRO   o MOGA Controller (with MOGA app or ObsidianX IME)   o MOGA PRO (HID and Pivot App)   o GameStop Red Samurai   o Green Throttle (requires GT Arena app)   o NVIDIA Project ShieldSixAxis, WiiController & MOGA IMEs must be disabled to play original Bards Tale trilogy.Supported languages: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russia, Korean, Polish Ready your weapon and bladder as you embark on this ridiculously addicting quest and the funniest adventure of the year, The Bards Tale  Game ChroniclesPlay The Bards Tale today on your favorite compatible Android device*.  Prepare to immerse yourself in over 20-30 hours of adventure, featuring: 50 enemy types (not counting bosses!)  A vast world to explore with towns, wild forests, rivers, castles, towers, secret dungeons, snowy mountains, caverns, haunted tombs and more  A full cast of bizarre NPCs  Over a dozen special boss enemies to defeat  16 magical characters to discover and then summon at will to aid you  Over 150 unique items of weaponry, armor, instruments, tokens, artifacts and loot!  More Song & Dance numbers than any other game, including a zombie dance-off!  Over 14 hours of outstanding voice-acting from top Hollywood talent, including Cary Elwes (The Princess Bride) as the Bard, and the inimitable Tony Jay as the NarratorBut wait! Thats not all! Enjoy these great new additions in the Android version:New Features: Autosaveoption to save automatically when you near a save-book in game. Time-Saversoptional in-app purchases are available to pump up your Bard and save you time! (Note: All such items are attainable through normal game-play, with time and persistence, just as in the original console release.)   Includes the original classic The Bards Tale trilogy!   + The Bard's Tale 1: Tales of the Unknown   + The Bard's Tale 2: The Destiny Knight, and   + The Bard's Tale 3: Thief of FateThis game is satire in its sharpest form  Cheat Code CentralPlay The Bards Tale today!Support:We hear you, and we are committed to improving The Bards Tale for Android.  Please send support questions/comments through The Bards Tale Support link below.  You are also welcome to join the discussion and get the latest news on our Facebook product page The Bards Tale.IT IS HUGE!Please note: Asset installation requires at least 1.7GB of free space on your device.  Thank you for your patience with the download time.Android adaptation by Square One Games.* Compatible with Android 2.3 and higher. XPeria Play Optimized.Native Gamepad Support:   o Wii Classic Controller (native or with free WiimoteController App)   o Xbox 360 & Logitech F310/510/710 in X mode.   o PS3 SixAxis and Dualshock (native or with SixAxis Controller App). If using Sixaxis Controller app, use default key mappings set Enable Gamepad option to be ON.   o NYKO PLAYPAD & PLAYPAD PRO   o MOGA Controller (with MOGA app or ObsidianX IME)   o MOGA PRO (HID and Pivot App)   o GameStop Red Samurai   o Green Throttle (requires GT Arena app)   o NVIDIA Project ShieldSixAxis, WiiController & MOGA IMEs must be disabled to play original Bards Tale trilogy.Supported languages: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russia, Korean, Polish Play The Bards Tale today on your favorite compatible Android device*.  Prepare to immerse yourself in over 20-30 hours of adventure, featuring: 50 enemy types (not counting bosses!)  A vast world to explore with towns, wild forests, rivers, castles, towers, secret dungeons, snowy mountains, caverns, haunted tombs and more  A full cast of bizarre NPCs  Over a dozen special boss enemies to defeat  16 magical characters to discover and then summon at will to aid you  Over 150 unique items of weaponry, armor, instruments, tokens, artifacts and loot!  More Song & Dance numbers than any other game, including a zombie dance-off!  Over 14 hours of outstanding voice-acting from top Hollywood talent, including Cary Elwes (The Princess Bride) as the Bard, and the inimitable Tony Jay as the NarratorBut wait! Thats not all! Enjoy these great new additions in the Android version:New Features: Autosaveoption to save automatically when you near a save-book in game. Time-Saversoptional in-app purchases are available to pump up your Bard and save you time! (Note: All such items are attainable through normal game-play, with time and persistence, just as in the original console release.)   Includes the original classic The Bards Tale trilogy!   + The Bard's Tale 1: Tales of the Unknown   + The Bard's Tale 2: The Destiny Knight, and   + The Bard's Tale 3: Thief of FateThis game is satire in its sharpest form  Cheat Code CentralPlay The Bards Tale today!Support:We hear you, and we are committed to improving The Bards Tale for Android.  Please send support questions/comments through The Bards Tale Support link below.  You are also welcome to join the discussion and get the latest news on our Facebook product page The Bards Tale.IT IS HUGE!Please note: Asset installation requires at least 1.7GB of free space on your device.  Thank you for your patience with the download time.Android adaptation by Square One Games.* Compatible with Android 2.3 and higher. XPeria Play Optimized.Native Gamepad Support:   o Wii Classic Controller (native or with free WiimoteController App)   o Xbox 360 & Logitech F310/510/710 in X mode.   o PS3 SixAxis and Dualshock (native or with SixAxis Controller App). If using Sixaxis Controller app, use default key mappings set Enable Gamepad option to be ON.   o NYKO PLAYPAD & PLAYPAD PRO   o MOGA Controller (with MOGA app or ObsidianX IME)   o MOGA PRO (HID and Pivot App)   o GameStop Red Samurai   o Green Throttle (requires GT Arena app)   o NVIDIA Project ShieldSixAxis, WiiController & MOGA IMEs must be disabled to play original Bards Tale trilogy.Supported languages: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russia, Korean, Polish  50 enemy types (not counting bosses!)  A vast world to explore with towns, wild forests, rivers, castles, towers, secret dungeons, snowy mountains, caverns, haunted tombs and more  A full cast of bizarre NPCs  Over a dozen special boss enemies to defeat  16 magical characters to discover and then summon at will to aid you  Over 150 unique items of weaponry, armor, instruments, tokens, artifacts and loot!  More Song & Dance numbers than any other game, including a zombie dance-off!  Over 14 hours of outstanding voice-acting from top Hollywood talent, including Cary Elwes (The Princess Bride) as the Bard, and the inimitable Tony Jay as the NarratorBut wait! Thats not all! Enjoy these great new additions in the Android version:New Features: Autosaveoption to save automatically when you near a save-book in game. Time-Saversoptional in-app purchases are available to pump up your Bard and save you time! (Note: All such items are attainable through normal game-play, with time and persistence, just as in the original console release.)   Includes the original classic The Bards Tale trilogy!   + The Bard's Tale 1: Tales of the Unknown   + The Bard's Tale 2: The Destiny Knight, and   + The Bard's Tale 3: Thief of FateThis game is satire in its sharpest form  Cheat Code CentralPlay The Bards Tale today!Support:We hear you, and we are committed to improving The Bards Tale for Android.  Please send support questions/comments through The Bards Tale Support link below.  You are also welcome to join the discussion and get the latest news on our Facebook product page The Bards Tale.IT IS HUGE!Please note: Asset installation requires at least 1.7GB of free space on your device.  Thank you for your patience with the download time.Android adaptation by Square One Games.* Compatible with Android 2.3 and higher. XPeria Play Optimized.Native Gamepad Support:   o Wii Classic Controller (native or with free WiimoteController App)   o Xbox 360 & Logitech F310/510/710 in X mode.   o PS3 SixAxis and Dualshock (native or with SixAxis Controller App). If using Sixaxis Controller app, use default key mappings set Enable Gamepad option to be ON.   o NYKO PLAYPAD & PLAYPAD PRO   o MOGA Controller (with MOGA app or ObsidianX IME)   o MOGA PRO (HID and Pivot App)   o GameStop Red Samurai   o Green Throttle (requires GT Arena app)   o NVIDIA Project ShieldSixAxis, WiiController & MOGA IMEs must be disabled to play original Bards Tale trilogy.Supported languages: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russia, Korean, Polish But wait! Thats not all! Enjoy these great new additions in the Android version:New Features: Autosaveoption to save automatically when you near a save-book in game. Time-Saversoptional in-app purchases are available to pump up your Bard and save you time! (Note: All such items are attainable through normal game-play, with time and persistence, just as in the original console release.)   Includes the original classic The Bards Tale trilogy!   + The Bard's Tale 1: Tales of the Unknown   + The Bard's Tale 2: The Destiny Knight, and   + The Bard's Tale 3: Thief of FateThis game is satire in its sharpest form  Cheat Code CentralPlay The Bards Tale today!Support:We hear you, and we are committed to improving The Bards Tale for Android.  Please send support questions/comments through The Bards Tale Support link below.  You are also welcome to join the discussion and get the latest news on our Facebook product page The Bards Tale.IT IS HUGE!Please note: Asset installation requires at least 1.7GB of free space on your device.  Thank you for your patience with the download time.Android adaptation by Square One Games.* Compatible with Android 2.3 and higher. XPeria Play Optimized.Native Gamepad Support:   o Wii Classic Controller (native or with free WiimoteController App)   o Xbox 360 & Logitech F310/510/710 in X mode.   o PS3 SixAxis and Dualshock (native or with SixAxis Controller App). If using Sixaxis Controller app, use default key mappings set Enable Gamepad option to be ON.   o NYKO PLAYPAD & PLAYPAD PRO   o MOGA Controller (with MOGA app or ObsidianX IME)   o MOGA PRO (HID and Pivot App)   o GameStop Red Samurai   o Green Throttle (requires GT Arena app)   o NVIDIA Project ShieldSixAxis, WiiController & MOGA IMEs must be disabled to play original Bards Tale trilogy.Supported languages: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russia, Korean, Polish New Features: Autosaveoption to save automatically when you near a save-book in game. Time-Saversoptional in-app purchases are available to pump up your Bard and save you time! (Note: All such items are attainable through normal game-play, with time and persistence, just as in the original console release.)   Includes the original classic The Bards Tale trilogy!   + The Bard's Tale 1: Tales of the Unknown   + The Bard's Tale 2: The Destiny Knight, and   + The Bard's Tale 3: Thief of FateThis game is satire in its sharpest form  Cheat Code CentralPlay The Bards Tale today!Support:We hear you, and we are committed to improving The Bards Tale for Android.  Please send support questions/comments through The Bards Tale Support link below.  You are also welcome to join the discussion and get the latest news on our Facebook product page The Bards Tale.IT IS HUGE!Please note: Asset installation requires at least 1.7GB of free space on your device.  Thank you for your patience with the download time.Android adaptation by Square One Games.* Compatible with Android 2.3 and higher. XPeria Play Optimized.Native Gamepad Support:   o Wii Classic Controller (native or with free WiimoteController App)   o Xbox 360 & Logitech F310/510/710 in X mode.   o PS3 SixAxis and Dualshock (native or with SixAxis Controller App). If using Sixaxis Controller app, use default key mappings set Enable Gamepad option to be ON.   o NYKO PLAYPAD & PLAYPAD PRO   o MOGA Controller (with MOGA app or ObsidianX IME)   o MOGA PRO (HID and Pivot App)   o GameStop Red Samurai   o Green Throttle (requires GT Arena app)   o NVIDIA Project ShieldSixAxis, WiiController & MOGA IMEs must be disabled to play original Bards Tale trilogy.Supported languages: English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Russia, Korean, Polish This game is satire in its sharpest form  Cheat Code CentralPlay The Bards Tale today!Support:We hear you, and we are committed to improving The Bards Tale for Android.  Please send support questions/comments through The Bards Tale Support link below.  You are also welcome to join the discussion and get the latest news on our Facebook product page The Bards Tale.IT IS HUGE!Please note: Asset installation requires at least 1.7GB of free space on your device.  Thank you for your patience with the download time.Android adaptation by Square One Games.* Compatible with Android 2.3 and higher. XPeria Play Optimized.Native Gamepad Support:   o Wii Classic Controller (native or with free WiimoteController App)   o Xbox 360 & Logitech F310/510/710 in
Head out to sea to reveal the shocking secrets of the Cursed Ship!The Ondine, the biggest and most luxurious cruise ship ever built,departed on her maiden voyage.But her enormous pools,ornate casinos and grand ballroom were never seen again. Now the Trident Corporation has sent you to locate the ship and rescue the remains. During this dangerous mission, you lose all forms of contact, discover a mysterious mirror and find yourself in a very odd place, where everything happening around you is somehow occurring in two parallel worlds!Which world is real, and which one is just a hallucination? Are the people you meet really alive  or are they ghosts? Search every deck of the gigantic ship for clues, solve challenging puzzles and master entertaining mini-games on your way to the breathtaking truth!TRY IT FREE, THEN UNLOCK THE FULL ADVENTURE FROM WITHIN THE GAME! Over 100 quests to solve 66 amazing locations to search 43 fun puzzles and mini-games Six enigmatic characters to question Two game modes: expert and regular Google Play game services support____________________________Game available in: English, Chinese, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Brazilian Portuguese, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish____________________________COMPATIBILITY NOTES:***Note*** This game supports high-end smartphones and tablets such as Nexus 7 and Nexus 10.____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms TRY IT FREE, THEN UNLOCK THE FULL ADVENTURE FROM WITHIN THE GAME! Over 100 quests to solve 66 amazing locations to search 43 fun puzzles and mini-games Six enigmatic characters to question Two game modes: expert and regular Google Play game services support____________________________Game available in: English, Chinese, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Brazilian Portuguese, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish____________________________COMPATIBILITY NOTES:***Note*** This game supports high-end smartphones and tablets such as Nexus 7 and Nexus 10.____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms  Over 100 quests to solve 66 amazing locations to search 43 fun puzzles and mini-games Six enigmatic characters to question Two game modes: expert and regular Google Play game services support____________________________Game available in: English, Chinese, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Brazilian Portuguese, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish____________________________COMPATIBILITY NOTES:***Note*** This game supports high-end smartphones and tablets such as Nexus 7 and Nexus 10.____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms Game available in: English, Chinese, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Brazilian Portuguese, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish____________________________COMPATIBILITY NOTES:***Note*** This game supports high-end smartphones and tablets such as Nexus 7 and Nexus 10.____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms COMPATIBILITY NOTES:***Note*** This game supports high-end smartphones and tablets such as Nexus 7 and Nexus 10.____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5gamesG5 End User License Supplemental Terms: http://www.g5e.com/G5_End_User_License_Supplemental_Terms
Play The Official Higher Lower Game! As seen on www.higherlowergame.com Refugee Crisis vs Donald Trump. Starbucks vs Kim Kardashian. Which gets Googled more? Put yourself to the test and see if you know which are the most popular search trends on Google. Do you like quiz, trivia games? Then this is the game for you! Its easy to play, simply decide which search term has been searched for the most by selecting higher or lower. The objective is to get the most right in a row. The game has been played over 5 million times with YouTube star PewDiePie creating a video of himself playing the game. Its the perfect quiz to kill time and can also be used as a drinking game. Download now.
Become the new challenger in the all-time classic THE KING OF FIGHTERS '97 on Android!Revisit this fighting gem, by playing one of its legendary (and sometimes hidden) teams, and behold the numerous endings the game has to offer!Put an end to the evil Orochi's resurrection scheme, and finally settle the score between Kyo Kusanagi and Iori Yagami! Features:35 playable characters!Play as SNK's iconic fighters such as Kyo Kusanagi and Terry Bogard, and try to master the infamous "New Face Team" or the  "KOF '97 Special Team"! The NEO GEO version's hidden characters are now available directly on the character select screen so you can easily crush your opponent using Orochi Iori or Orochi Leona!Experience for the first time in the series the "Affinity System", and to select the members of your team according to their affinity, and enjoy their pre-match interactions! 2 modes to improve the game's depth!KOF '97 uses 2 differents gameplay modes: EXTRA and ADVANCED! Master the system that fits you the best and burn your rivals down!ADVANCED MODE:Various jumps for different ways to bring the pain to your enemy! A must if you think offense is the best defense! You can stock your Power gauges to enter in MAX mode or to unleash deadly Desperation Moves! Depending on your characters' affinity, get extra Power gauges even after losing a round!EXTRA MODE:Use the Evade move wisely as you are being rushed and send your opponent flying!Fill your Power gauge to automatically enter Power Max mode for a set amount of time!As you are close to exhaustion, your health bar will turn red and blink, then you will be able to unleash your Desperation Moves to your heart's content, as long as you are the last one standing!  A NEOGEO Perfect Port with added features!You have the possibility to play the game as it was intended back in the days with 4 buttons, or you can enjoy the new control scheme using the 6 buttons settings and the simplified special move with the help of the SP button!Fight against your friends through Bluetooth Multiplayer mode!Decide who's the real KING OF FIGHTERS by challenging your friends via Bluetooth Multiplayer!SNK PLAYMORE CORPORATION ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Revisit this fighting gem, by playing one of its legendary (and sometimes hidden) teams, and behold the numerous endings the game has to offer!Put an end to the evil Orochi's resurrection scheme, and finally settle the score between Kyo Kusanagi and Iori Yagami! Features:35 playable characters!Play as SNK's iconic fighters such as Kyo Kusanagi and Terry Bogard, and try to master the infamous "New Face Team" or the  "KOF '97 Special Team"! The NEO GEO version's hidden characters are now available directly on the character select screen so you can easily crush your opponent using Orochi Iori or Orochi Leona!Experience for the first time in the series the "Affinity System", and to select the members of your team according to their affinity, and enjoy their pre-match interactions! 2 modes to improve the game's depth!KOF '97 uses 2 differents gameplay modes: EXTRA and ADVANCED! Master the system that fits you the best and burn your rivals down!ADVANCED MODE:Various jumps for different ways to bring the pain to your enemy! A must if you think offense is the best defense! You can stock your Power gauges to enter in MAX mode or to unleash deadly Desperation Moves! Depending on your characters' affinity, get extra Power gauges even after losing a round!EXTRA MODE:Use the Evade move wisely as you are being rushed and send your opponent flying!Fill your Power gauge to automatically enter Power Max mode for a set amount of time!As you are close to exhaustion, your health bar will turn red and blink, then you will be able to unleash your Desperation Moves to your heart's content, as long as you are the last one standing!  A NEOGEO Perfect Port with added features!You have the possibility to play the game as it was intended back in the days with 4 buttons, or you can enjoy the new control scheme using the 6 buttons settings and the simplified special move with the help of the SP button!Fight against your friends through Bluetooth Multiplayer mode!Decide who's the real KING OF FIGHTERS by challenging your friends via Bluetooth Multiplayer!SNK PLAYMORE CORPORATION ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Features:35 playable characters!Play as SNK's iconic fighters such as Kyo Kusanagi and Terry Bogard, and try to master the infamous "New Face Team" or the  "KOF '97 Special Team"! The NEO GEO version's hidden characters are now available directly on the character select screen so you can easily crush your opponent using Orochi Iori or Orochi Leona!Experience for the first time in the series the "Affinity System", and to select the members of your team according to their affinity, and enjoy their pre-match interactions! 2 modes to improve the game's depth!KOF '97 uses 2 differents gameplay modes: EXTRA and ADVANCED! Master the system that fits you the best and burn your rivals down!ADVANCED MODE:Various jumps for different ways to bring the pain to your enemy! A must if you think offense is the best defense! You can stock your Power gauges to enter in MAX mode or to unleash deadly Desperation Moves! Depending on your characters' affinity, get extra Power gauges even after losing a round!EXTRA MODE:Use the Evade move wisely as you are being rushed and send your opponent flying!Fill your Power gauge to automatically enter Power Max mode for a set amount of time!As you are close to exhaustion, your health bar will turn red and blink, then you will be able to unleash your Desperation Moves to your heart's content, as long as you are the last one standing!  A NEOGEO Perfect Port with added features!You have the possibility to play the game as it was intended back in the days with 4 buttons, or you can enjoy the new control scheme using the 6 buttons settings and the simplified special move with the help of the SP button!Fight against your friends through Bluetooth Multiplayer mode!Decide who's the real KING OF FIGHTERS by challenging your friends via Bluetooth Multiplayer!SNK PLAYMORE CORPORATION ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. 35 playable characters!Play as SNK's iconic fighters such as Kyo Kusanagi and Terry Bogard, and try to master the infamous "New Face Team" or the  "KOF '97 Special Team"! The NEO GEO version's hidden characters are now available directly on the character select screen so you can easily crush your opponent using Orochi Iori or Orochi Leona!Experience for the first time in the series the "Affinity System", and to select the members of your team according to their affinity, and enjoy their pre-match interactions! 2 modes to improve the game's depth!KOF '97 uses 2 differents gameplay modes: EXTRA and ADVANCED! Master the system that fits you the best and burn your rivals down!ADVANCED MODE:Various jumps for different ways to bring the pain to your enemy! A must if you think offense is the best defense! You can stock your Power gauges to enter in MAX mode or to unleash deadly Desperation Moves! Depending on your characters' affinity, get extra Power gauges even after losing a round!EXTRA MODE:Use the Evade move wisely as you are being rushed and send your opponent flying!Fill your Power gauge to automatically enter Power Max mode for a set amount of time!As you are close to exhaustion, your health bar will turn red and blink, then you will be able to unleash your Desperation Moves to your heart's content, as long as you are the last one standing!  A NEOGEO Perfect Port with added features!You have the possibility to play the game as it was intended back in the days with 4 buttons, or you can enjoy the new control scheme using the 6 buttons settings and the simplified special move with the help of the SP button!Fight against your friends through Bluetooth Multiplayer mode!Decide who's the real KING OF FIGHTERS by challenging your friends via Bluetooth Multiplayer!SNK PLAYMORE CORPORATION ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. 2 modes to improve the game's depth!KOF '97 uses 2 differents gameplay modes: EXTRA and ADVANCED! Master the system that fits you the best and burn your rivals down!ADVANCED MODE:Various jumps for different ways to bring the pain to your enemy! A must if you think offense is the best defense! You can stock your Power gauges to enter in MAX mode or to unleash deadly Desperation Moves! Depending on your characters' affinity, get extra Power gauges even after losing a round!EXTRA MODE:Use the Evade move wisely as you are being rushed and send your opponent flying!Fill your Power gauge to automatically enter Power Max mode for a set amount of time!As you are close to exhaustion, your health bar will turn red and blink, then you will be able to unleash your Desperation Moves to your heart's content, as long as you are the last one standing!  A NEOGEO Perfect Port with added features!You have the possibility to play the game as it was intended back in the days with 4 buttons, or you can enjoy the new control scheme using the 6 buttons settings and the simplified special move with the help of the SP button!Fight against your friends through Bluetooth Multiplayer mode!Decide who's the real KING OF FIGHTERS by challenging your friends via Bluetooth Multiplayer!SNK PLAYMORE CORPORATION ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. ADVANCED MODE:Various jumps for different ways to bring the pain to your enemy! A must if you think offense is the best defense! You can stock your Power gauges to enter in MAX mode or to unleash deadly Desperation Moves! Depending on your characters' affinity, get extra Power gauges even after losing a round!EXTRA MODE:Use the Evade move wisely as you are being rushed and send your opponent flying!Fill your Power gauge to automatically enter Power Max mode for a set amount of time!As you are close to exhaustion, your health bar will turn red and blink, then you will be able to unleash your Desperation Moves to your heart's content, as long as you are the last one standing!  A NEOGEO Perfect Port with added features!You have the possibility to play the game as it was intended back in the days with 4 buttons, or you can enjoy the new control scheme using the 6 buttons settings and the simplified special move with the help of the SP button!Fight against your friends through Bluetooth Multiplayer mode!Decide who's the real KING OF FIGHTERS by challenging your friends via Bluetooth Multiplayer!SNK PLAYMORE CORPORATION ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. EXTRA MODE:Use the Evade move wisely as you are being rushed and send your opponent flying!Fill your Power gauge to automatically enter Power Max mode for a set amount of time!As you are close to exhaustion, your health bar will turn red and blink, then you will be able to unleash your Desperation Moves to your heart's content, as long as you are the last one standing!  A NEOGEO Perfect Port with added features!You have the possibility to play the game as it was intended back in the days with 4 buttons, or you can enjoy the new control scheme using the 6 buttons settings and the simplified special move with the help of the SP button!Fight against your friends through Bluetooth Multiplayer mode!Decide who's the real KING OF FIGHTERS by challenging your friends via Bluetooth Multiplayer!SNK PLAYMORE CORPORATION ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. A NEOGEO Perfect Port with added features!You have the possibility to play the game as it was intended back in the days with 4 buttons, or you can enjoy the new control scheme using the 6 buttons settings and the simplified special move with the help of the SP button!Fight against your friends through Bluetooth Multiplayer mode!Decide who's the real KING OF FIGHTERS by challenging your friends via Bluetooth Multiplayer!SNK PLAYMORE CORPORATION ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Fight against your friends through Bluetooth Multiplayer mode!Decide who's the real KING OF FIGHTERS by challenging your friends via Bluetooth Multiplayer!SNK PLAYMORE CORPORATION ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. SNK PLAYMORE CORPORATION ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Popular 2D VS fighting game "THE KING OF FIGHTERS-A 2012" returns as a free app to celebrate KOF 20th Anniversary!NEW CHARACTERS, NEW TEAMSIn addition to the characters from he previous installment, the 4 new ART OF FIGHTING, PSYCHO SOLDIER, KIM, and IKARI teams (12 new characters), join the cast of "KOF-A!! You can now create your favorite team from this formidable roster of  32 fighters!A SINGLE-PLAYER MODE RICH IN CONTENT6 game modes are available for thousands of hours of enjoyment even when playing alone: SINGLE BATTLE for 1-on-1 fights, TEAM BATTLE for classic KOF 3-on-3 gameplay, ENDLESS Mode to defeat as many opponents as possible with one character, "CHALLENGE" Mode to clear trials by fulfilling requirements, the newly introduced "TIME ATTACK" Mode to compete for the best clear times by  winning 10 matches, and TRAINING Mode to get accustomed to the Virtual Pad-based controls and practice your combos.SIMPLE COMMANDSThe Virtual Pad recreates perfectly reproduces KOFs smooth controls. Even novice players in fighting games will be able to release various Special Moves, Super Special Moves, NEOMAX Super Special Moves, and other complex moves in one touch. With the Simple Commands, you can easily perform many of the game's fancy combos!!*Please refer to "TUTORIAL" Mode for an explanation of  these commands.ADDITION OF TONS OF NEW TRADING CARDS, ILLUSTRATIONS, AND OTHER EXTRA CONTENTPlenty of new Trading Cards (that can be acquired by using points earned during gameplay) along with new Illustrations (which can be viewed at any time by fulfilling certain conditions) have been added to this latest release! Moreover, "KOF-A 2012(F)" includes  rough sketches and illustrations that can only be seen here, which fans cannot afford to miss!SNK PLAYMORE CORPORATION ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. NEW CHARACTERS, NEW TEAMSIn addition to the characters from he previous installment, the 4 new ART OF FIGHTING, PSYCHO SOLDIER, KIM, and IKARI teams (12 new characters), join the cast of "KOF-A!! You can now create your favorite team from this formidable roster of  32 fighters!A SINGLE-PLAYER MODE RICH IN CONTENT6 game modes are available for thousands of hours of enjoyment even when playing alone: SINGLE BATTLE for 1-on-1 fights, TEAM BATTLE for classic KOF 3-on-3 gameplay, ENDLESS Mode to defeat as many opponents as possible with one character, "CHALLENGE" Mode to clear trials by fulfilling requirements, the newly introduced "TIME ATTACK" Mode to compete for the best clear times by  winning 10 matches, and TRAINING Mode to get accustomed to the Virtual Pad-based controls and practice your combos.SIMPLE COMMANDSThe Virtual Pad recreates perfectly reproduces KOFs smooth controls. Even novice players in fighting games will be able to release various Special Moves, Super Special Moves, NEOMAX Super Special Moves, and other complex moves in one touch. With the Simple Commands, you can easily perform many of the game's fancy combos!!*Please refer to "TUTORIAL" Mode for an explanation of  these commands.ADDITION OF TONS OF NEW TRADING CARDS, ILLUSTRATIONS, AND OTHER EXTRA CONTENTPlenty of new Trading Cards (that can be acquired by using points earned during gameplay) along with new Illustrations (which can be viewed at any time by fulfilling certain conditions) have been added to this latest release! Moreover, "KOF-A 2012(F)" includes  rough sketches and illustrations that can only be seen here, which fans cannot afford to miss!SNK PLAYMORE CORPORATION ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. A SINGLE-PLAYER MODE RICH IN CONTENT6 game modes are available for thousands of hours of enjoyment even when playing alone: SINGLE BATTLE for 1-on-1 fights, TEAM BATTLE for classic KOF 3-on-3 gameplay, ENDLESS Mode to defeat as many opponents as possible with one character, "CHALLENGE" Mode to clear trials by fulfilling requirements, the newly introduced "TIME ATTACK" Mode to compete for the best clear times by  winning 10 matches, and TRAINING Mode to get accustomed to the Virtual Pad-based controls and practice your combos.SIMPLE COMMANDSThe Virtual Pad recreates perfectly reproduces KOFs smooth controls. Even novice players in fighting games will be able to release various Special Moves, Super Special Moves, NEOMAX Super Special Moves, and other complex moves in one touch. With the Simple Commands, you can easily perform many of the game's fancy combos!!*Please refer to "TUTORIAL" Mode for an explanation of  these commands.ADDITION OF TONS OF NEW TRADING CARDS, ILLUSTRATIONS, AND OTHER EXTRA CONTENTPlenty of new Trading Cards (that can be acquired by using points earned during gameplay) along with new Illustrations (which can be viewed at any time by fulfilling certain conditions) have been added to this latest release! Moreover, "KOF-A 2012(F)" includes  rough sketches and illustrations that can only be seen here, which fans cannot afford to miss!SNK PLAYMORE CORPORATION ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. SIMPLE COMMANDSThe Virtual Pad recreates perfectly reproduces KOFs smooth controls. Even novice players in fighting games will be able to release various Special Moves, Super Special Moves, NEOMAX Super Special Moves, and other complex moves in one touch. With the Simple Commands, you can easily perform many of the game's fancy combos!!*Please refer to "TUTORIAL" Mode for an explanation of  these commands.ADDITION OF TONS OF NEW TRADING CARDS, ILLUSTRATIONS, AND OTHER EXTRA CONTENTPlenty of new Trading Cards (that can be acquired by using points earned during gameplay) along with new Illustrations (which can be viewed at any time by fulfilling certain conditions) have been added to this latest release! Moreover, "KOF-A 2012(F)" includes  rough sketches and illustrations that can only be seen here, which fans cannot afford to miss!SNK PLAYMORE CORPORATION ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. ADDITION OF TONS OF NEW TRADING CARDS, ILLUSTRATIONS, AND OTHER EXTRA CONTENTPlenty of new Trading Cards (that can be acquired by using points earned during gameplay) along with new Illustrations (which can be viewed at any time by fulfilling certain conditions) have been added to this latest release! Moreover, "KOF-A 2012(F)" includes  rough sketches and illustrations that can only be seen here, which fans cannot afford to miss!SNK PLAYMORE CORPORATION ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. SNK PLAYMORE CORPORATION ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
** Limited Time Sale! **The ultimate Western action RPG has arrived on Android! Embark on an epic dark fantasy in the grand tradition of great, story-driven RPGs from PC and console, created by veterans of the Neverwinter Nights, Baldurs Gate, and The Witcher franchises.With The Shadow Sun, Ossian Studios brings together all its expertise from working with Dungeons & Dragons and The Witcher in order to create a deep, story-driven RPG experience for Android. Prepare yourself for visceral real-time combat, a gorgeously detailed world to adventure in, complex characters to interact with, and an epic tale of an ancient city held within the grip of a mysterious plague.Enter a world that has felt an alien touch upon its sun. An ever-increasing shadow that creeps across the sun's brilliant face, with consequences that are only now becoming horrifically apparent...HOURS OF ADVENTURE A 10-hour adventure where you explore the decadent imperial city of Shar and the exotic desert lands around it, delving into a story filled with intrigue, danger, and shocking surprises. Explore over 70 unique areas and uncover 200+ unique items, hidden secrets, and ancient treasures. A handy journal tracks your quests and a detailed codex notes new characters, places, and creatures you encounter. An original orchestral soundtrack and amazing soundscape will immerse you into this dark fantasy world.TRUE ROLE-PLAYING Create your own male or female character and customize their attributes and appearance. Choose from among 30 attacks, spells, and skills to suit your favourite play style, and develop those abilities exactly how you want as the game progresses. Solve quests in multiple ways and have new NPC dialogue options open up depending on your skills. Ally with one of four companions to adventure alongside you, each with their own personality and abilities, and win their friendship or suffer their disapproval depending on your choices. Adopt a faithful dog companion to fight by your side.* In-app purchases are purely optional! *The 3 starter packs are optional DLC that have extra content and quests, none of which are required to enjoy the game. The in-depth hint guide also provides a full walkthrough and gameplay tips, along with details on companions, secrets, monsters, and other helpful information.(Note: Mali400 GPUs and Intel Z2520/Z2560 CPUs are currently not supported)Visit our official site for more news and info about The Shadow Sun: http://www.ossianstudios.com/Drop by our forums and talk directly with the development team: http://www.ossianstudios.com/forum/Follow us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/OssianStudiosFollow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/OssianStudiosWatch us on YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/OssianStudios The ultimate Western action RPG has arrived on Android! Embark on an epic dark fantasy in the grand tradition of great, story-driven RPGs from PC and console, created by veterans of the Neverwinter Nights, Baldurs Gate, and The Witcher franchises.With The Shadow Sun, Ossian Studios brings together all its expertise from working with Dungeons & Dragons and The Witcher in order to create a deep, story-driven RPG experience for Android. Prepare yourself for visceral real-time combat, a gorgeously detailed world to adventure in, complex characters to interact with, and an epic tale of an ancient city held within the grip of a mysterious plague.Enter a world that has felt an alien touch upon its sun. An ever-increasing shadow that creeps across the sun's brilliant face, with consequences that are only now becoming horrifically apparent...HOURS OF ADVENTURE A 10-hour adventure where you explore the decadent imperial city of Shar and the exotic desert lands around it, delving into a story filled with intrigue, danger, and shocking surprises. Explore over 70 unique areas and uncover 200+ unique items, hidden secrets, and ancient treasures. A handy journal tracks your quests and a detailed codex notes new characters, places, and creatures you encounter. An original orchestral soundtrack and amazing soundscape will immerse you into this dark fantasy world.TRUE ROLE-PLAYING Create your own male or female character and customize their attributes and appearance. Choose from among 30 attacks, spells, and skills to suit your favourite play style, and develop those abilities exactly how you want as the game progresses. Solve quests in multiple ways and have new NPC dialogue options open up depending on your skills. Ally with one of four companions to adventure alongside you, each with their own personality and abilities, and win their friendship or suffer their disapproval depending on your choices. Adopt a faithful dog companion to fight by your side.* In-app purchases are purely optional! *The 3 starter packs are optional DLC that have extra content and quests, none of which are required to enjoy the game. The in-depth hint guide also provides a full walkthrough and gameplay tips, along with details on companions, secrets, monsters, and other helpful information.(Note: Mali400 GPUs and Intel Z2520/Z2560 CPUs are currently not supported)Visit our official site for more news and info about The Shadow Sun: http://www.ossianstudios.com/Drop by our forums and talk directly with the development team: http://www.ossianstudios.com/forum/Follow us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/OssianStudiosFollow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/OssianStudiosWatch us on YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/OssianStudios With The Shadow Sun, Ossian Studios brings together all its expertise from working with Dungeons & Dragons and The Witcher in order to create a deep, story-driven RPG experience for Android. Prepare yourself for visceral real-time combat, a gorgeously detailed world to adventure in, complex characters to interact with, and an epic tale of an ancient city held within the grip of a mysterious plague.Enter a world that has felt an alien touch upon its sun. An ever-increasing shadow that creeps across the sun's brilliant face, with consequences that are only now becoming horrifically apparent...HOURS OF ADVENTURE A 10-hour adventure where you explore the decadent imperial city of Shar and the exotic desert lands around it, delving into a story filled with intrigue, danger, and shocking surprises. Explore over 70 unique areas and uncover 200+ unique items, hidden secrets, and ancient treasures. A handy journal tracks your quests and a detailed codex notes new characters, places, and creatures you encounter. An original orchestral soundtrack and amazing soundscape will immerse you into this dark fantasy world.TRUE ROLE-PLAYING Create your own male or female character and customize their attributes and appearance. Choose from among 30 attacks, spells, and skills to suit your favourite play style, and develop those abilities exactly how you want as the game progresses. Solve quests in multiple ways and have new NPC dialogue options open up depending on your skills. Ally with one of four companions to adventure alongside you, each with their own personality and abilities, and win their friendship or suffer their disapproval depending on your choices. Adopt a faithful dog companion to fight by your side.* In-app purchases are purely optional! *The 3 starter packs are optional DLC that have extra content and quests, none of which are required to enjoy the game. The in-depth hint guide also provides a full walkthrough and gameplay tips, along with details on companions, secrets, monsters, and other helpful information.(Note: Mali400 GPUs and Intel Z2520/Z2560 CPUs are currently not supported)Visit our official site for more news and info about The Shadow Sun: http://www.ossianstudios.com/Drop by our forums and talk directly with the development team: http://www.ossianstudios.com/forum/Follow us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/OssianStudiosFollow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/OssianStudiosWatch us on YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/OssianStudios Enter a world that has felt an alien touch upon its sun. An ever-increasing shadow that creeps across the sun's brilliant face, with consequences that are only now becoming horrifically apparent...HOURS OF ADVENTURE A 10-hour adventure where you explore the decadent imperial city of Shar and the exotic desert lands around it, delving into a story filled with intrigue, danger, and shocking surprises. Explore over 70 unique areas and uncover 200+ unique items, hidden secrets, and ancient treasures. A handy journal tracks your quests and a detailed codex notes new characters, places, and creatures you encounter. An original orchestral soundtrack and amazing soundscape will immerse you into this dark fantasy world.TRUE ROLE-PLAYING Create your own male or female character and customize their attributes and appearance. Choose from among 30 attacks, spells, and skills to suit your favourite play style, and develop those abilities exactly how you want as the game progresses. Solve quests in multiple ways and have new NPC dialogue options open up depending on your skills. Ally with one of four companions to adventure alongside you, each with their own personality and abilities, and win their friendship or suffer their disapproval depending on your choices. Adopt a faithful dog companion to fight by your side.* In-app purchases are purely optional! *The 3 starter packs are optional DLC that have extra content and quests, none of which are required to enjoy the game. The in-depth hint guide also provides a full walkthrough and gameplay tips, along with details on companions, secrets, monsters, and other helpful information.(Note: Mali400 GPUs and Intel Z2520/Z2560 CPUs are currently not supported)Visit our official site for more news and info about The Shadow Sun: http://www.ossianstudios.com/Drop by our forums and talk directly with the development team: http://www.ossianstudios.com/forum/Follow us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/OssianStudiosFollow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/OssianStudiosWatch us on YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/OssianStudios HOURS OF ADVENTURE A 10-hour adventure where you explore the decadent imperial city of Shar and the exotic desert lands around it, delving into a story filled with intrigue, danger, and shocking surprises. Explore over 70 unique areas and uncover 200+ unique items, hidden secrets, and ancient treasures. A handy journal tracks your quests and a detailed codex notes new characters, places, and creatures you encounter. An original orchestral soundtrack and amazing soundscape will immerse you into this dark fantasy world.TRUE ROLE-PLAYING Create your own male or female character and customize their attributes and appearance. Choose from among 30 attacks, spells, and skills to suit your favourite play style, and develop those abilities exactly how you want as the game progresses. Solve quests in multiple ways and have new NPC dialogue options open up depending on your skills. Ally with one of four companions to adventure alongside you, each with their own personality and abilities, and win their friendship or suffer their disapproval depending on your choices. Adopt a faithful dog companion to fight by your side.* In-app purchases are purely optional! *The 3 starter packs are optional DLC that have extra content and quests, none of which are required to enjoy the game. The in-depth hint guide also provides a full walkthrough and gameplay tips, along with details on companions, secrets, monsters, and other helpful information.(Note: Mali400 GPUs and Intel Z2520/Z2560 CPUs are currently not supported)Visit our official site for more news and info about The Shadow Sun: http://www.ossianstudios.com/Drop by our forums and talk directly with the development team: http://www.ossianstudios.com/forum/Follow us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/OssianStudiosFollow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/OssianStudiosWatch us on YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/OssianStudios TRUE ROLE-PLAYING Create your own male or female character and customize their attributes and appearance. Choose from among 30 attacks, spells, and skills to suit your favourite play style, and develop those abilities exactly how you want as the game progresses. Solve quests in multiple ways and have new NPC dialogue options open up depending on your skills. Ally with one of four companions to adventure alongside you, each with their own personality and abilities, and win their friendship or suffer their disapproval depending on your choices. Adopt a faithful dog companion to fight by your side.* In-app purchases are purely optional! *The 3 starter packs are optional DLC that have extra content and quests, none of which are required to enjoy the game. The in-depth hint guide also provides a full walkthrough and gameplay tips, along with details on companions, secrets, monsters, and other helpful information.(Note: Mali400 GPUs and Intel Z2520/Z2560 CPUs are currently not supported)Visit our official site for more news and info about The Shadow Sun: http://www.ossianstudios.com/Drop by our forums and talk directly with the development team: http://www.ossianstudios.com/forum/Follow us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/OssianStudiosFollow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/OssianStudiosWatch us on YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/OssianStudios * In-app purchases are purely optional! *The 3 starter packs are optional DLC that have extra content and quests, none of which are required to enjoy the game. The in-depth hint guide also provides a full walkthrough and gameplay tips, along with details on companions, secrets, monsters, and other helpful information.(Note: Mali400 GPUs and Intel Z2520/Z2560 CPUs are currently not supported)Visit our official site for more news and info about The Shadow Sun: http://www.ossianstudios.com/Drop by our forums and talk directly with the development team: http://www.ossianstudios.com/forum/Follow us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/OssianStudiosFollow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/OssianStudiosWatch us on YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/OssianStudios (Note: Mali400 GPUs and Intel Z2520/Z2560 CPUs are currently not supported)Visit our official site for more news and info about The Shadow Sun: http://www.ossianstudios.com/Drop by our forums and talk directly with the development team: http://www.ossianstudios.com/forum/Follow us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/OssianStudiosFollow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/OssianStudiosWatch us on YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/OssianStudios Visit our official site for more news and info about The Shadow Sun: http://www.ossianstudios.com/Drop by our forums and talk directly with the development team: http://www.ossianstudios.com/forum/Follow us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/OssianStudiosFollow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/OssianStudiosWatch us on YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/OssianStudios
Episode Two now available, the final chapter in this award winning adventure.The Silent Age takes you on an adventurous journey into a dystopian future where mankind has gone extinct!Travel through time between the iconic 70's and a desolate present day haunted by silence.The Silent Age is an atmospheric point-and-click adventure game with stylized visuals and an eerie soundtrack that will keep you in suspense as you solve mind-bending puzzles.With an interface specifically designed for touch devices, you'll flow through the story without hiccups and frustrations. Sit back, plug in your headphones, and enjoy the adventure.Background Story -------------------------------------------------Its 1972. Love is free. Flipflops, English leather and bandanas are the height of fashion. Meanwhile the Cold War is more than lukewarm and a real one is going on overseas. Movements are happening. Environmentalists, the female liberties movement, and on the dance floors an entirely different kind of movement is overtaking the underground clubs. The winds of change are certainly blowing over the country.Somewhere in the big city, in a tall, faceless government building someone left a window open. All the winds of change are doing here is blowing leaves all over Joes newly-swept floor. Hes been there for two years now. Working a dead-end attendant job making sure the building is as spotless as the suits walking the halls. Its been like this for years, going from one soul-devouring job to the next.Our protagonist is Joe in more than just name. He is quite literally Joe Average. Average height, average weight, average IQ. In fact, the only thing remotely remarkable about him is exactly how much he conforms to the median of the hypothetical everyman, and up until this point, Joes life hasn't exactly been biography material.This is all about to change...Reviews -------------------------------------------------Metacritic score: 84*** "You may detect a strong Twelve Monkeys influence at work in the game's storyline." -- Eurogamer*** "The Silent Age is an absolutely fantastic adventure that fans of the genre should not miss" -- 148Apps*** "Beautiful and immersive graphics and soundtrack create an uncannily calm ambiance. Logical puzzles make sense in the context of the world" -- Gamezebo*** "Smart, mysterious and layered beneath a very welcome dose of otherworldly eeriness, The Silent Age will delight any adventure gamer who feels that the genre's revival, welcome though it is, is just a little too light-hearted in the 21st century" -- Modojo*** "The Silent Age delivers a charming experience, packed with stylish graphics and sound, simple touch controls and an intriguing story" -- Multiplayer.it*** "I especially recommend The Silent Age to fans of science fiction, time travel, quirky writing, inner monologues and epic mustaches" -- Indie Love The Silent Age takes you on an adventurous journey into a dystopian future where mankind has gone extinct!Travel through time between the iconic 70's and a desolate present day haunted by silence.The Silent Age is an atmospheric point-and-click adventure game with stylized visuals and an eerie soundtrack that will keep you in suspense as you solve mind-bending puzzles.With an interface specifically designed for touch devices, you'll flow through the story without hiccups and frustrations. Sit back, plug in your headphones, and enjoy the adventure.Background Story -------------------------------------------------Its 1972. Love is free. Flipflops, English leather and bandanas are the height of fashion. Meanwhile the Cold War is more than lukewarm and a real one is going on overseas. Movements are happening. Environmentalists, the female liberties movement, and on the dance floors an entirely different kind of movement is overtaking the underground clubs. The winds of change are certainly blowing over the country.Somewhere in the big city, in a tall, faceless government building someone left a window open. All the winds of change are doing here is blowing leaves all over Joes newly-swept floor. Hes been there for two years now. Working a dead-end attendant job making sure the building is as spotless as the suits walking the halls. Its been like this for years, going from one soul-devouring job to the next.Our protagonist is Joe in more than just name. He is quite literally Joe Average. Average height, average weight, average IQ. In fact, the only thing remotely remarkable about him is exactly how much he conforms to the median of the hypothetical everyman, and up until this point, Joes life hasn't exactly been biography material.This is all about to change...Reviews -------------------------------------------------Metacritic score: 84*** "You may detect a strong Twelve Monkeys influence at work in the game's storyline." -- Eurogamer*** "The Silent Age is an absolutely fantastic adventure that fans of the genre should not miss" -- 148Apps*** "Beautiful and immersive graphics and soundtrack create an uncannily calm ambiance. Logical puzzles make sense in the context of the world" -- Gamezebo*** "Smart, mysterious and layered beneath a very welcome dose of otherworldly eeriness, The Silent Age will delight any adventure gamer who feels that the genre's revival, welcome though it is, is just a little too light-hearted in the 21st century" -- Modojo*** "The Silent Age delivers a charming experience, packed with stylish graphics and sound, simple touch controls and an intriguing story" -- Multiplayer.it*** "I especially recommend The Silent Age to fans of science fiction, time travel, quirky writing, inner monologues and epic mustaches" -- Indie Love Travel through time between the iconic 70's and a desolate present day haunted by silence.The Silent Age is an atmospheric point-and-click adventure game with stylized visuals and an eerie soundtrack that will keep you in suspense as you solve mind-bending puzzles.With an interface specifically designed for touch devices, you'll flow through the story without hiccups and frustrations. Sit back, plug in your headphones, and enjoy the adventure.Background Story -------------------------------------------------Its 1972. Love is free. Flipflops, English leather and bandanas are the height of fashion. Meanwhile the Cold War is more than lukewarm and a real one is going on overseas. Movements are happening. Environmentalists, the female liberties movement, and on the dance floors an entirely different kind of movement is overtaking the underground clubs. The winds of change are certainly blowing over the country.Somewhere in the big city, in a tall, faceless government building someone left a window open. All the winds of change are doing here is blowing leaves all over Joes newly-swept floor. Hes been there for two years now. Working a dead-end attendant job making sure the building is as spotless as the suits walking the halls. Its been like this for years, going from one soul-devouring job to the next.Our protagonist is Joe in more than just name. He is quite literally Joe Average. Average height, average weight, average IQ. In fact, the only thing remotely remarkable about him is exactly how much he conforms to the median of the hypothetical everyman, and up until this point, Joes life hasn't exactly been biography material.This is all about to change...Reviews -------------------------------------------------Metacritic score: 84*** "You may detect a strong Twelve Monkeys influence at work in the game's storyline." -- Eurogamer*** "The Silent Age is an absolutely fantastic adventure that fans of the genre should not miss" -- 148Apps*** "Beautiful and immersive graphics and soundtrack create an uncannily calm ambiance. Logical puzzles make sense in the context of the world" -- Gamezebo*** "Smart, mysterious and layered beneath a very welcome dose of otherworldly eeriness, The Silent Age will delight any adventure gamer who feels that the genre's revival, welcome though it is, is just a little too light-hearted in the 21st century" -- Modojo*** "The Silent Age delivers a charming experience, packed with stylish graphics and sound, simple touch controls and an intriguing story" -- Multiplayer.it*** "I especially recommend The Silent Age to fans of science fiction, time travel, quirky writing, inner monologues and epic mustaches" -- Indie Love The Silent Age is an atmospheric point-and-click adventure game with stylized visuals and an eerie soundtrack that will keep you in suspense as you solve mind-bending puzzles.With an interface specifically designed for touch devices, you'll flow through the story without hiccups and frustrations. Sit back, plug in your headphones, and enjoy the adventure.Background Story -------------------------------------------------Its 1972. Love is free. Flipflops, English leather and bandanas are the height of fashion. Meanwhile the Cold War is more than lukewarm and a real one is going on overseas. Movements are happening. Environmentalists, the female liberties movement, and on the dance floors an entirely different kind of movement is overtaking the underground clubs. The winds of change are certainly blowing over the country.Somewhere in the big city, in a tall, faceless government building someone left a window open. All the winds of change are doing here is blowing leaves all over Joes newly-swept floor. Hes been there for two years now. Working a dead-end attendant job making sure the building is as spotless as the suits walking the halls. Its been like this for years, going from one soul-devouring job to the next.Our protagonist is Joe in more than just name. He is quite literally Joe Average. Average height, average weight, average IQ. In fact, the only thing remotely remarkable about him is exactly how much he conforms to the median of the hypothetical everyman, and up until this point, Joes life hasn't exactly been biography material.This is all about to change...Reviews -------------------------------------------------Metacritic score: 84*** "You may detect a strong Twelve Monkeys influence at work in the game's storyline." -- Eurogamer*** "The Silent Age is an absolutely fantastic adventure that fans of the genre should not miss" -- 148Apps*** "Beautiful and immersive graphics and soundtrack create an uncannily calm ambiance. Logical puzzles make sense in the context of the world" -- Gamezebo*** "Smart, mysterious and layered beneath a very welcome dose of otherworldly eeriness, The Silent Age will delight any adventure gamer who feels that the genre's revival, welcome though it is, is just a little too light-hearted in the 21st century" -- Modojo*** "The Silent Age delivers a charming experience, packed with stylish graphics and sound, simple touch controls and an intriguing story" -- Multiplayer.it*** "I especially recommend The Silent Age to fans of science fiction, time travel, quirky writing, inner monologues and epic mustaches" -- Indie Love With an interface specifically designed for touch devices, you'll flow through the story without hiccups and frustrations. Sit back, plug in your headphones, and enjoy the adventure.Background Story -------------------------------------------------Its 1972. Love is free. Flipflops, English leather and bandanas are the height of fashion. Meanwhile the Cold War is more than lukewarm and a real one is going on overseas. Movements are happening. Environmentalists, the female liberties movement, and on the dance floors an entirely different kind of movement is overtaking the underground clubs. The winds of change are certainly blowing over the country.Somewhere in the big city, in a tall, faceless government building someone left a window open. All the winds of change are doing here is blowing leaves all over Joes newly-swept floor. Hes been there for two years now. Working a dead-end attendant job making sure the building is as spotless as the suits walking the halls. Its been like this for years, going from one soul-devouring job to the next.Our protagonist is Joe in more than just name. He is quite literally Joe Average. Average height, average weight, average IQ. In fact, the only thing remotely remarkable about him is exactly how much he conforms to the median of the hypothetical everyman, and up until this point, Joes life hasn't exactly been biography material.This is all about to change...Reviews -------------------------------------------------Metacritic score: 84*** "You may detect a strong Twelve Monkeys influence at work in the game's storyline." -- Eurogamer*** "The Silent Age is an absolutely fantastic adventure that fans of the genre should not miss" -- 148Apps*** "Beautiful and immersive graphics and soundtrack create an uncannily calm ambiance. Logical puzzles make sense in the context of the world" -- Gamezebo*** "Smart, mysterious and layered beneath a very welcome dose of otherworldly eeriness, The Silent Age will delight any adventure gamer who feels that the genre's revival, welcome though it is, is just a little too light-hearted in the 21st century" -- Modojo*** "The Silent Age delivers a charming experience, packed with stylish graphics and sound, simple touch controls and an intriguing story" -- Multiplayer.it*** "I especially recommend The Silent Age to fans of science fiction, time travel, quirky writing, inner monologues and epic mustaches" -- Indie Love Background Story -------------------------------------------------Its 1972. Love is free. Flipflops, English leather and bandanas are the height of fashion. Meanwhile the Cold War is more than lukewarm and a real one is going on overseas. Movements are happening. Environmentalists, the female liberties movement, and on the dance floors an entirely different kind of movement is overtaking the underground clubs. The winds of change are certainly blowing over the country.Somewhere in the big city, in a tall, faceless government building someone left a window open. All the winds of change are doing here is blowing leaves all over Joes newly-swept floor. Hes been there for two years now. Working a dead-end attendant job making sure the building is as spotless as the suits walking the halls. Its been like this for years, going from one soul-devouring job to the next.Our protagonist is Joe in more than just name. He is quite literally Joe Average. Average height, average weight, average IQ. In fact, the only thing remotely remarkable about him is exactly how much he conforms to the median of the hypothetical everyman, and up until this point, Joes life hasn't exactly been biography material.This is all about to change...Reviews -------------------------------------------------Metacritic score: 84*** "You may detect a strong Twelve Monkeys influence at work in the game's storyline." -- Eurogamer*** "The Silent Age is an absolutely fantastic adventure that fans of the genre should not miss" -- 148Apps*** "Beautiful and immersive graphics and soundtrack create an uncannily calm ambiance. Logical puzzles make sense in the context of the world" -- Gamezebo*** "Smart, mysterious and layered beneath a very welcome dose of otherworldly eeriness, The Silent Age will delight any adventure gamer who feels that the genre's revival, welcome though it is, is just a little too light-hearted in the 21st century" -- Modojo*** "The Silent Age delivers a charming experience, packed with stylish graphics and sound, simple touch controls and an intriguing story" -- Multiplayer.it*** "I especially recommend The Silent Age to fans of science fiction, time travel, quirky writing, inner monologues and epic mustaches" -- Indie Love Its 1972. Love is free. Flipflops, English leather and bandanas are the height of fashion. Meanwhile the Cold War is more than lukewarm and a real one is going on overseas. Movements are happening. Environmentalists, the female liberties movement, and on the dance floors an entirely different kind of movement is overtaking the underground clubs. The winds of change are certainly blowing over the country.Somewhere in the big city, in a tall, faceless government building someone left a window open. All the winds of change are doing here is blowing leaves all over Joes newly-swept floor. Hes been there for two years now. Working a dead-end attendant job making sure the building is as spotless as the suits walking the halls. Its been like this for years, going from one soul-devouring job to the next.Our protagonist is Joe in more than just name. He is quite literally Joe Average. Average height, average weight, average IQ. In fact, the only thing remotely remarkable about him is exactly how much he conforms to the median of the hypothetical everyman, and up until this point, Joes life hasn't exactly been biography material.This is all about to change...Reviews -------------------------------------------------Metacritic score: 84*** "You may detect a strong Twelve Monkeys influence at work in the game's storyline." -- Eurogamer*** "The Silent Age is an absolutely fantastic adventure that fans of the genre should not miss" -- 148Apps*** "Beautiful and immersive graphics and soundtrack create an uncannily calm ambiance. Logical puzzles make sense in the context of the world" -- Gamezebo*** "Smart, mysterious and layered beneath a very welcome dose of otherworldly eeriness, The Silent Age will delight any adventure gamer who feels that the genre's revival, welcome though it is, is just a little too light-hearted in the 21st century" -- Modojo*** "The Silent Age delivers a charming experience, packed with stylish graphics and sound, simple touch controls and an intriguing story" -- Multiplayer.it*** "I especially recommend The Silent Age to fans of science fiction, time travel, quirky writing, inner monologues and epic mustaches" -- Indie Love Somewhere in the big city, in a tall, faceless government building someone left a window open. All the winds of change are doing here is blowing leaves all over Joes newly-swept floor. Hes been there for two years now. Working a dead-end attendant job making sure the building is as spotless as the suits walking the halls. Its been like this for years, going from one soul-devouring job to the next.Our protagonist is Joe in more than just name. He is quite literally Joe Average. Average height, average weight, average IQ. In fact, the only thing remotely remarkable about him is exactly how much he conforms to the median of the hypothetical everyman, and up until this point, Joes life hasn't exactly been biography material.This is all about to change...Reviews -------------------------------------------------Metacritic score: 84*** "You may detect a strong Twelve Monkeys influence at work in the game's storyline." -- Eurogamer*** "The Silent Age is an absolutely fantastic adventure that fans of the genre should not miss" -- 148Apps*** "Beautiful and immersive graphics and soundtrack create an uncannily calm ambiance. Logical puzzles make sense in the context of the world" -- Gamezebo*** "Smart, mysterious and layered beneath a very welcome dose of otherworldly eeriness, The Silent Age will delight any adventure gamer who feels that the genre's revival, welcome though it is, is just a little too light-hearted in the 21st century" -- Modojo*** "The Silent Age delivers a charming experience, packed with stylish graphics and sound, simple touch controls and an intriguing story" -- Multiplayer.it*** "I especially recommend The Silent Age to fans of science fiction, time travel, quirky writing, inner monologues and epic mustaches" -- Indie Love Our protagonist is Joe in more than just name. He is quite literally Joe Average. Average height, average weight, average IQ. In fact, the only thing remotely remarkable about him is exactly how much he conforms to the median of the hypothetical everyman, and up until this point, Joes life hasn't exactly been biography material.This is all about to change...Reviews -------------------------------------------------Metacritic score: 84*** "You may detect a strong Twelve Monkeys influence at work in the game's storyline." -- Eurogamer*** "The Silent Age is an absolutely fantastic adventure that fans of the genre should not miss" -- 148Apps*** "Beautiful and immersive graphics and soundtrack create an uncannily calm ambiance. Logical puzzles make sense in the context of the world" -- Gamezebo*** "Smart, mysterious and layered beneath a very welcome dose of otherworldly eeriness, The Silent Age will delight any adventure gamer who feels that the genre's revival, welcome though it is, is just a little too light-hearted in the 21st century" -- Modojo*** "The Silent Age delivers a charming experience, packed with stylish graphics and sound, simple touch controls and an intriguing story" -- Multiplayer.it*** "I especially recommend The Silent Age to fans of science fiction, time travel, quirky writing, inner monologues and epic mustaches" -- Indie Love This is all about to change...Reviews -------------------------------------------------Metacritic score: 84*** "You may detect a strong Twelve Monkeys influence at work in the game's storyline." -- Eurogamer*** "The Silent Age is an absolutely fantastic adventure that fans of the genre should not miss" -- 148Apps*** "Beautiful and immersive graphics and soundtrack create an uncannily calm ambiance. Logical puzzles make sense in the context of the world" -- Gamezebo*** "Smart, mysterious and layered beneath a very welcome dose of otherworldly eeriness, The Silent Age will delight any adventure gamer who feels that the genre's revival, welcome though it is, is just a little too light-hearted in the 21st century" -- Modojo*** "The Silent Age delivers a charming experience, packed with stylish graphics and sound, simple touch controls and an intriguing story" -- Multiplayer.it*** "I especially recommend The Silent Age to fans of science fiction, time travel, quirky writing, inner monologues and epic mustaches" -- Indie Love Reviews -------------------------------------------------Metacritic score: 84*** "You may detect a strong Twelve Monkeys influence at work in the game's storyline." -- Eurogamer*** "The Silent Age is an absolutely fantastic adventure that fans of the genre should not miss" -- 148Apps*** "Beautiful and immersive graphics and soundtrack create an uncannily calm ambiance. Logical puzzles make sense in the context of the world" -- Gamezebo*** "Smart, mysterious and layered beneath a very welcome dose of otherworldly eeriness, The Silent Age will delight any adventure gamer who feels that the genre's revival, welcome though it is, is just a little too light-hearted in the 21st century" -- Modojo*** "The Silent Age delivers a charming experience, packed with stylish graphics and sound, simple touch controls and an intriguing story" -- Multiplayer.it*** "I especially recommend The Silent Age to fans of science fiction, time travel, quirky writing, inner monologues and epic mustaches" -- Indie Love Metacritic score: 84*** "You may detect a strong Twelve Monkeys influence at work in the game's storyline." -- Eurogamer*** "The Silent Age is an absolutely fantastic adventure that fans of the genre should not miss" -- 148Apps*** "Beautiful and immersive graphics and soundtrack create an uncannily calm ambiance. Logical puzzles make sense in the context of the world" -- Gamezebo*** "Smart, mysterious and layered beneath a very welcome dose of otherworldly eeriness, The Silent Age will delight any adventure gamer who feels that the genre's revival, welcome though it is, is just a little too light-hearted in the 21st century" -- Modojo*** "The Silent Age delivers a charming experience, packed with stylish graphics and sound, simple touch controls and an intriguing story" -- Multiplayer.it*** "I especially recommend The Silent Age to fans of science fiction, time travel, quirky writing, inner monologues and epic mustaches" -- Indie Love *** "You may detect a strong Twelve Monkeys influence at work in the game's storyline." -- Eurogamer*** "The Silent Age is an absolutely fantastic adventure that fans of the genre should not miss" -- 148Apps*** "Beautiful and immersive graphics and soundtrack create an uncannily calm ambiance. Logical puzzles make sense in the context of the world" -- Gamezebo*** "Smart, mysterious and layered beneath a very welcome dose of otherworldly eeriness, The Silent Age will delight any adventure gamer who feels that the genre's revival, welcome though it is, is just a little too light-hearted in the 21st century" -- Modojo*** "The Silent Age delivers a charming experience, packed with stylish graphics and sound, simple touch controls and an intriguing story" -- Multiplayer.it*** "I especially recommend The Silent Age to fans of science fiction, time travel, quirky writing, inner monologues and epic mustaches" -- Indie Love *** "The Silent Age is an absolutely fantastic adventure that fans of the genre should not miss" -- 148Apps*** "Beautiful and immersive graphics and soundtrack create an uncannily calm ambiance. Logical puzzles make sense in the context of the world" -- Gamezebo*** "Smart, mysterious and layered beneath a very welcome dose of otherworldly eeriness, The Silent Age will delight any adventure gamer who feels that the genre's revival, welcome though it is, is just a little too light-hearted in the 21st century" -- Modojo*** "The Silent Age delivers a charming experience, packed with stylish graphics and sound, simple touch controls and an intriguing story" -- Multiplayer.it*** "I especially recommend The Silent Age to fans of science fiction, time travel, quirky writing, inner monologues and epic mustaches" -- Indie Love *** "Beautiful and immersive graphics and soundtrack create an uncannily calm ambiance. Logical puzzles make sense in the context of the world" -- Gamezebo*** "Smart, mysterious and layered beneath a very welcome dose of otherworldly eeriness, The Silent Age will delight any adventure gamer who feels that the genre's revival, welcome though it is, is just a little too light-hearted in the 21st century" -- Modojo*** "The Silent Age delivers a charming experience, packed with stylish graphics and sound, simple touch controls and an intriguing story" -- Multiplayer.it*** "I especially recommend The Silent Age to fans of science fiction, time travel, quirky writing, inner monologues and epic mustaches" -- Indie Love *** "Smart, mysterious and layered beneath a very welcome dose of otherworldly eeriness, The Silent Age will delight any adventure gamer who feels that the genre's revival, welcome though it is, is just a little too light-hearted in the 21st century" -- Modojo*** "The Silent Age delivers a charming experience, packed with stylish graphics and sound, simple touch controls and an intriguing story" -- Multiplayer.it*** "I especially recommend The Silent Age to fans of science fiction, time travel, quirky writing, inner monologues and epic mustaches" -- Indie Love *** "The Silent Age delivers a charming experience, packed with stylish graphics and sound, simple touch controls and an intriguing story" -- Multiplayer.it*** "I especially recommend The Silent Age to fans of science fiction, time travel, quirky writing, inner monologues and epic mustaches" -- Indie Love *** "I especially recommend The Silent Age to fans of science fiction, time travel, quirky writing, inner monologues and epic mustaches" -- Indie Love
THIS GAME IS LIFE-RUININGLY FUN! Homer accidently caused a meltdown that wiped out Springfield. DOH! Now, its up to you to rebuild it! From the writers of The Simpsons, tap into a city building game that lets you create your own living, breathing Springfield... for FREE. HOW FUN IS IT? LET US COUNT THE WAYS! 1. First, you can get it for free!2. Make Springfield just like you want it.3. Help Homer find Marge, Bart, Lisa, and the rest of his family and friends! (Ned Flanders, too.)4. Complete tasks to earn mmm, donuts!5. Make Apu work ridiculously long shifts at Kwik-E-Mart.6. Grow and harvest Tomacco on Cletuss Farm.7. Party down with Duffman at Duff Brewery.8. See how your Indolence, Consumerism,and Gluttony stack up on the Conform-o-meter.9. Enjoy exclusive animated scenes sure to please fans of TVs longest-running comedy.10. Visit your friends Springfields, play pranks, collect cash and earn special rewards with friendship points the only way to measure your friendship.11. Build up entirely new sections of Springfield from the rides at Krustyland to the performers on the Waterfront!  12. And did we mention its free to play?  SPRINGFIELD NEVER LOOKED SO GOODWith HD graphics  youll get an eyeful of greener greens, yellower yellows, and more.  IS THAT ALL? Of course not! Did you know that you can even play this game in French, Italian, German, Spanish, Simplified Chinese, Korean, Russian, Danish, Dutch, Norwegian, Swedish, Traditional Chinese, Thai, Turkish and Brazilian Portuguese?But who wants to read all this text on a screen? So you should CHECK OUT THE SCREENSHOTS because the screenshots really sell it even though we really dont have to sell this game because its FREE!**This game downloads additional content on first launch that can be up to 500MB based on device. We recommend connecting to WIFI the first time you play. This game is also supported with regularly occurring content updates that require additional downloads when released. Please be patient while it loads (we promise its worth the wait).**User Agreement: terms.ea.comVisit https://help.ea.com/ for assistance or inquiries.EA may retire online features and services after 30 days notice posted on www.ea.com/1/service-updates.Important Consumer Information.  This app: Requires a persistent Internet connection (network fees may apply); Requires acceptance of EAs Privacy & Cookie Policy and User Agreement.; Origin mobile services are included with this Application. See http://www.eamobile.com/origin and End User License Agreement for details; EA may retire online features and services after 30 days notice posted on www.ea.com/1/service-updates; EA may retire online features and services after 30-days notice per e-mail (if available) and posted on www.ea.com/de/1/service-updates; Collects data though third party ad serving and analytics technology (See Privacy & Cookie Policy for details); Contains direct links to social networking sites intended for an audience over 13.  HOW FUN IS IT? LET US COUNT THE WAYS! 1. First, you can get it for free!2. Make Springfield just like you want it.3. Help Homer find Marge, Bart, Lisa, and the rest of his family and friends! (Ned Flanders, too.)4. Complete tasks to earn mmm, donuts!5. Make Apu work ridiculously long shifts at Kwik-E-Mart.6. Grow and harvest Tomacco on Cletuss Farm.7. Party down with Duffman at Duff Brewery.8. See how your Indolence, Consumerism,and Gluttony stack up on the Conform-o-meter.9. Enjoy exclusive animated scenes sure to please fans of TVs longest-running comedy.10. Visit your friends Springfields, play pranks, collect cash and earn special rewards with friendship points the only way to measure your friendship.11. Build up entirely new sections of Springfield from the rides at Krustyland to the performers on the Waterfront!  12. And did we mention its free to play?  SPRINGFIELD NEVER LOOKED SO GOODWith HD graphics  youll get an eyeful of greener greens, yellower yellows, and more.  IS THAT ALL? Of course not! Did you know that you can even play this game in French, Italian, German, Spanish, Simplified Chinese, Korean, Russian, Danish, Dutch, Norwegian, Swedish, Traditional Chinese, Thai, Turkish and Brazilian Portuguese?But who wants to read all this text on a screen? So you should CHECK OUT THE SCREENSHOTS because the screenshots really sell it even though we really dont have to sell this game because its FREE!**This game downloads additional content on first launch that can be up to 500MB based on device. We recommend connecting to WIFI the first time you play. This game is also supported with regularly occurring content updates that require additional downloads when released. Please be patient while it loads (we promise its worth the wait).**User Agreement: terms.ea.comVisit https://help.ea.com/ for assistance or inquiries.EA may retire online features and services after 30 days notice posted on www.ea.com/1/service-updates.Important Consumer Information.  This app: Requires a persistent Internet connection (network fees may apply); Requires acceptance of EAs Privacy & Cookie Policy and User Agreement.; Origin mobile services are included with this Application. See http://www.eamobile.com/origin and End User License Agreement for details; EA may retire online features and services after 30 days notice posted on www.ea.com/1/service-updates; EA may retire online features and services after 30-days notice per e-mail (if available) and posted on www.ea.com/de/1/service-updates; Collects data though third party ad serving and analytics technology (See Privacy & Cookie Policy for details); Contains direct links to social networking sites intended for an audience over 13. **This game downloads additional content on first launch that can be up to 500MB based on device. We recommend connecting to WIFI the first time you play. This game is also supported with regularly occurring content updates that require additional downloads when released. Please be patient while it loads (we promise its worth the wait).**User Agreement: terms.ea.comVisit https://help.ea.com/ for assistance or inquiries.EA may retire online features and services after 30 days notice posted on www.ea.com/1/service-updates.Important Consumer Information.  This app: Requires a persistent Internet connection (network fees may apply); Requires acceptance of EAs Privacy & Cookie Policy and User Agreement.; Origin mobile services are included with this Application. See http://www.eamobile.com/origin and End User License Agreement for details; EA may retire online features and services after 30 days notice posted on www.ea.com/1/service-updates; EA may retire online features and services after 30-days notice per e-mail (if available) and posted on www.ea.com/de/1/service-updates; Collects data though third party ad serving and analytics technology (See Privacy & Cookie Policy for details); Contains direct links to social networking sites intended for an audience over 13. User Agreement: terms.ea.comVisit https://help.ea.com/ for assistance or inquiries.EA may retire online features and services after 30 days notice posted on www.ea.com/1/service-updates.Important Consumer Information.  This app: Requires a persistent Internet connection (network fees may apply); Requires acceptance of EAs Privacy & Cookie Policy and User Agreement.; Origin mobile services are included with this Application. See http://www.eamobile.com/origin and End User License Agreement for details; EA may retire online features and services after 30 days notice posted on www.ea.com/1/service-updates; EA may retire online features and services after 30-days notice per e-mail (if available) and posted on www.ea.com/de/1/service-updates; Collects data though third party ad serving and analytics technology (See Privacy & Cookie Policy for details); Contains direct links to social networking sites intended for an audience over 13. EA may retire online features and services after 30 days notice posted on www.ea.com/1/service-updates.Important Consumer Information.  This app: Requires a persistent Internet connection (network fees may apply); Requires acceptance of EAs Privacy & Cookie Policy and User Agreement.; Origin mobile services are included with this Application. See http://www.eamobile.com/origin and End User License Agreement for details; EA may retire online features and services after 30 days notice posted on www.ea.com/1/service-updates; EA may retire online features and services after 30-days notice per e-mail (if available) and posted on www.ea.com/de/1/service-updates; Collects data though third party ad serving and analytics technology (See Privacy & Cookie Policy for details); Contains direct links to social networking sites intended for an audience over 13. Important Consumer Information.  This app: Requires a persistent Internet connection (network fees may apply); Requires acceptance of EAs Privacy & Cookie Policy and User Agreement.; Origin mobile services are included with this Application. See http://www.eamobile.com/origin and End User License Agreement for details; EA may retire online features and services after 30 days notice posted on www.ea.com/1/service-updates; EA may retire online features and services after 30-days notice per e-mail (if available) and posted on www.ea.com/de/1/service-updates; Collects data though third party ad serving and analytics technology (See Privacy & Cookie Policy for details); Contains direct links to social networking sites intended for an audience over 13.
The Tribez is not just a game where you build a farm! The Tribez is an adventure where you travel to a distant past full of secrets, mysteries, and many hours of addictive exploration of an unknown, but beautiful world!  You are invited to visit a primitive world inhabited by a peace-loving people, who have been hidden beyond a miles-deep portal from time immemorial. Build your own stone-age village, explore territorieshidden by mountains and seas, farm fertile lands, and lead your tribe, which considers you sent by the gods, to prosperity.  The Tribez is a world in which you feel alive!REVIEWS:The Tribez is the insanely popular empire-building game thats revolutionizing the idea of social gaming. (http://www.thedailybeast.com/) The design is so beautiful and there is so much detail that it's a real pleasure to navigate through the scenes and help the villagers. (http://www.appszoom.com) There is tons of content, quests, and things to accomplish in the game. (http://www.pocketfullofapps.com) What makes The Tribez genuinely pleasant to play is the attention paid to the graphics. (http://www.gamezebo.com)KEY FEATURES: This game works when youre offline too  play it on a plane, in the subway or in the car. Enjoy!  Simple, intuitive controls.  Adorable characters youll love! Meet the farmer, the builder, the tax collector, and many others! A beautiful vibrant world you'll be immersed into instantly. Lively animations make the prehistoric world come to life. Youll be mesmerized by how the crops growon the farm and how the builders work on construction sites. Tons of items, characters, buildings, and decorations. Truly inexhaustible possibilities to develop your own stone-age empire by producing goods, increasingyour population, expanding your borders and attempting to farm the best lands. Hundreds of captivating quests: search for treasure and artifacts, discover distant islands, explore mysterious caves, grow unusual crops on your farm, and much, much more!The game uses in-app purchases. In-app purchases can speed up gameplay. Official Page on Facebook:https://www.fb.com/TheTribezCommunityOfficial game trailer:https://youtu.be/UOvEberRdEUDiscover new titles from GameInsight:http://www.game-insight.comJoin our community on Facebook:http://www.fb.com/gameinsightSubscribe to our YouTube channel:http://goo.gl/qRFX2hRead the latest news on Twitter:http://twitter.com/GI_MobileFollow us on Instagram:http://instagram.com/gameinsight/Privacy policy: http://www.game-insight.com/site/privacypolicy REVIEWS:The Tribez is the insanely popular empire-building game thats revolutionizing the idea of social gaming. (http://www.thedailybeast.com/) The design is so beautiful and there is so much detail that it's a real pleasure to navigate through the scenes and help the villagers. (http://www.appszoom.com) There is tons of content, quests, and things to accomplish in the game. (http://www.pocketfullofapps.com) What makes The Tribez genuinely pleasant to play is the attention paid to the graphics. (http://www.gamezebo.com)KEY FEATURES: This game works when youre offline too  play it on a plane, in the subway or in the car. Enjoy!  Simple, intuitive controls.  Adorable characters youll love! Meet the farmer, the builder, the tax collector, and many others! A beautiful vibrant world you'll be immersed into instantly. Lively animations make the prehistoric world come to life. Youll be mesmerized by how the crops growon the farm and how the builders work on construction sites. Tons of items, characters, buildings, and decorations. Truly inexhaustible possibilities to develop your own stone-age empire by producing goods, increasingyour population, expanding your borders and attempting to farm the best lands. Hundreds of captivating quests: search for treasure and artifacts, discover distant islands, explore mysterious caves, grow unusual crops on your farm, and much, much more!The game uses in-app purchases. In-app purchases can speed up gameplay. Official Page on Facebook:https://www.fb.com/TheTribezCommunityOfficial game trailer:https://youtu.be/UOvEberRdEUDiscover new titles from GameInsight:http://www.game-insight.comJoin our community on Facebook:http://www.fb.com/gameinsightSubscribe to our YouTube channel:http://goo.gl/qRFX2hRead the latest news on Twitter:http://twitter.com/GI_MobileFollow us on Instagram:http://instagram.com/gameinsight/Privacy policy: http://www.game-insight.com/site/privacypolicy KEY FEATURES: This game works when youre offline too  play it on a plane, in the subway or in the car. Enjoy!  Simple, intuitive controls.  Adorable characters youll love! Meet the farmer, the builder, the tax collector, and many others! A beautiful vibrant world you'll be immersed into instantly. Lively animations make the prehistoric world come to life. Youll be mesmerized by how the crops growon the farm and how the builders work on construction sites. Tons of items, characters, buildings, and decorations. Truly inexhaustible possibilities to develop your own stone-age empire by producing goods, increasingyour population, expanding your borders and attempting to farm the best lands. Hundreds of captivating quests: search for treasure and artifacts, discover distant islands, explore mysterious caves, grow unusual crops on your farm, and much, much more!The game uses in-app purchases. In-app purchases can speed up gameplay. Official Page on Facebook:https://www.fb.com/TheTribezCommunityOfficial game trailer:https://youtu.be/UOvEberRdEUDiscover new titles from GameInsight:http://www.game-insight.comJoin our community on Facebook:http://www.fb.com/gameinsightSubscribe to our YouTube channel:http://goo.gl/qRFX2hRead the latest news on Twitter:http://twitter.com/GI_MobileFollow us on Instagram:http://instagram.com/gameinsight/Privacy policy: http://www.game-insight.com/site/privacypolicy The game uses in-app purchases. In-app purchases can speed up gameplay. Official Page on Facebook:https://www.fb.com/TheTribezCommunityOfficial game trailer:https://youtu.be/UOvEberRdEUDiscover new titles from GameInsight:http://www.game-insight.comJoin our community on Facebook:http://www.fb.com/gameinsightSubscribe to our YouTube channel:http://goo.gl/qRFX2hRead the latest news on Twitter:http://twitter.com/GI_MobileFollow us on Instagram:http://instagram.com/gameinsight/Privacy policy: http://www.game-insight.com/site/privacypolicy Official Page on Facebook:https://www.fb.com/TheTribezCommunityOfficial game trailer:https://youtu.be/UOvEberRdEUDiscover new titles from GameInsight:http://www.game-insight.comJoin our community on Facebook:http://www.fb.com/gameinsightSubscribe to our YouTube channel:http://goo.gl/qRFX2hRead the latest news on Twitter:http://twitter.com/GI_MobileFollow us on Instagram:http://instagram.com/gameinsight/Privacy policy: http://www.game-insight.com/site/privacypolicy Discover new titles from GameInsight:http://www.game-insight.comJoin our community on Facebook:http://www.fb.com/gameinsightSubscribe to our YouTube channel:http://goo.gl/qRFX2hRead the latest news on Twitter:http://twitter.com/GI_MobileFollow us on Instagram:http://instagram.com/gameinsight/Privacy policy: http://www.game-insight.com/site/privacypolicy Privacy policy: http://www.game-insight.com/site/privacypolicy
As featured in TegraZone, The Walking Dead is a five-part game series (Episode 2-5 can be purchased via in-app) set in the same universe as Robert Kirkmans award-winning series. Play as Lee Everett, a convicted criminal, who has been given a second chance at life in a world devastated by the undead. With corpses returning to life and survivors stopping at nothing to maintain their own safety, protecting an orphaned girl named Clementine may offer him redemption in a world gone to hell. Experience events, meet people and visit locations that foreshadow the story of Deputy Sheriff Rick Grimes. A tailored game experience  actions, choices and decisions you make will affect how your story plays out across the entire series. Plays great on NVIDIA SHIELD Winner of over 90 Game of the Year awards All five award-winning episodes plus special episode 400 Days Choice matters: your decisions change the story around you Save over 25% on additional episodes by purchasing the Season Pass and gain access to Episodes 2-5, plus special episode 400 Days immediately- - - -SYSTEM REQUIREMENTSMinimum specs:GPU: Adreno 200 series, Mali-400 series, PowerVR SGX540, or Tegra 3CPU: Dual core 1GHzMemory: 1GBRecommended specs:GPU: Adreno 300 series, Mali-T600 series, PowerVR SGX544, or Tegra 4 CPU: Quad core 1.5GHz Memory: 2GB  Plays great on NVIDIA SHIELD Winner of over 90 Game of the Year awards All five award-winning episodes plus special episode 400 Days Choice matters: your decisions change the story around you Save over 25% on additional episodes by purchasing the Season Pass and gain access to Episodes 2-5, plus special episode 400 Days immediately- - - -SYSTEM REQUIREMENTSMinimum specs:GPU: Adreno 200 series, Mali-400 series, PowerVR SGX540, or Tegra 3CPU: Dual core 1GHzMemory: 1GBRecommended specs:GPU: Adreno 300 series, Mali-T600 series, PowerVR SGX544, or Tegra 4 CPU: Quad core 1.5GHz Memory: 2GB - - - -SYSTEM REQUIREMENTSMinimum specs:GPU: Adreno 200 series, Mali-400 series, PowerVR SGX540, or Tegra 3CPU: Dual core 1GHzMemory: 1GBRecommended specs:GPU: Adreno 300 series, Mali-T600 series, PowerVR SGX544, or Tegra 4 CPU: Quad core 1.5GHz Memory: 2GB SYSTEM REQUIREMENTSMinimum specs:GPU: Adreno 200 series, Mali-400 series, PowerVR SGX540, or Tegra 3CPU: Dual core 1GHzMemory: 1GBRecommended specs:GPU: Adreno 300 series, Mali-T600 series, PowerVR SGX544, or Tegra 4 CPU: Quad core 1.5GHz Memory: 2GB Minimum specs:GPU: Adreno 200 series, Mali-400 series, PowerVR SGX540, or Tegra 3CPU: Dual core 1GHzMemory: 1GBRecommended specs:GPU: Adreno 300 series, Mali-T600 series, PowerVR SGX544, or Tegra 4 CPU: Quad core 1.5GHz Memory: 2GB Recommended specs:GPU: Adreno 300 series, Mali-T600 series, PowerVR SGX544, or Tegra 4 CPU: Quad core 1.5GHz Memory: 2GB
Square Enixs fresh-faced hit The New York Times called one of the best role playing games ever designed for anything has busted onto Android in a big way, with a slick and addictive new combat system, eye-popping HD art, and (of course) plenty of zetta awesome reasons for longtime fans to double dip.Arm yourself with psychic superpowers and battle your way through a seven-day gauntlet of action: the Reapers Game.THE SETUP-------------------------------------------------Welcome to Shibuya, a mishmash of attitudes and styles in the heart of Tokyo.A boy named Neku wakes up in a crowded intersection, alone and unaware of how he got there. Then, he receives a weird text: Clear this mission...or face erasure. With that, Neku is thrust into a life-or-death game that sends him scrambling down streets paved with one riddle after another...What is the Reapers Game? Why is Neku a Player, and what is he playing for? Will the Game really end if he survives all seven days? Another mystery is always around the corner.THE PAYOFF------------------------------------------------- Intuitive, addictive combat with a twistActivate your combat abilities, or psychs, with simple touch commands like tapping, slashing, and dragging. Comfy with that? Control Neku and his Game partner on the same screen and take the combat up a notch. Like loot? Boost your item drops in battle with the revamped Fusion system. Deep replay valueFinish the main story to unlock a hilarious bonus chapter, more quests and items to find, new combat challenges, and secret reports that flesh out the story even more. Explore a living, breathing cityNekus sprawling world is based on the real-life Shibuya in Tokyo. Visit real locations and absorb some real Japanese culture through a hip, fantasy lens. Exciting arcade actionUse the pins you equip in the main story to play Tin Pin Slammer! Take on various in-game NPCs and be the first to knock your opponents pins off the table! Completely redrawn artEnjoy the game in full HD on your device with art and animation that has been redrawn just for high pixel density  The ultimate soundtrack: 60 songsComposer Takeharu Ishimotos complete, sonically sublime soundtrack is included right in the game with high-quality audio and full vocals. Wirelessly trade Friend CardsExchange profiles with other players, and their avatars will appear in the streets of Shibuya! Not only that, you receive free items for every trade!THE VERDICT-------------------------------------------------Praise for the original The World Ends with You:Compelling and immaculately presented...from start to finish  GamespotNails just about everything it tries  and it tries quite a lot  IGN AUFull of mysteries and surprises, interesting characters  The New York TimesA compelling risk/reward system that...amply blesses the daring  1UPIce-cool artwork...impossibly catchy soundtrack  EurogamerGames rarely have things this interesting to say  G4TVDS Best RPG/Best Story/Best New IP and DS Game of the Year  IGN Arm yourself with psychic superpowers and battle your way through a seven-day gauntlet of action: the Reapers Game.THE SETUP-------------------------------------------------Welcome to Shibuya, a mishmash of attitudes and styles in the heart of Tokyo.A boy named Neku wakes up in a crowded intersection, alone and unaware of how he got there. Then, he receives a weird text: Clear this mission...or face erasure. With that, Neku is thrust into a life-or-death game that sends him scrambling down streets paved with one riddle after another...What is the Reapers Game? Why is Neku a Player, and what is he playing for? Will the Game really end if he survives all seven days? Another mystery is always around the corner.THE PAYOFF------------------------------------------------- Intuitive, addictive combat with a twistActivate your combat abilities, or psychs, with simple touch commands like tapping, slashing, and dragging. Comfy with that? Control Neku and his Game partner on the same screen and take the combat up a notch. Like loot? Boost your item drops in battle with the revamped Fusion system. Deep replay valueFinish the main story to unlock a hilarious bonus chapter, more quests and items to find, new combat challenges, and secret reports that flesh out the story even more. Explore a living, breathing cityNekus sprawling world is based on the real-life Shibuya in Tokyo. Visit real locations and absorb some real Japanese culture through a hip, fantasy lens. Exciting arcade actionUse the pins you equip in the main story to play Tin Pin Slammer! Take on various in-game NPCs and be the first to knock your opponents pins off the table! Completely redrawn artEnjoy the game in full HD on your device with art and animation that has been redrawn just for high pixel density  The ultimate soundtrack: 60 songsComposer Takeharu Ishimotos complete, sonically sublime soundtrack is included right in the game with high-quality audio and full vocals. Wirelessly trade Friend CardsExchange profiles with other players, and their avatars will appear in the streets of Shibuya! Not only that, you receive free items for every trade!THE VERDICT-------------------------------------------------Praise for the original The World Ends with You:Compelling and immaculately presented...from start to finish  GamespotNails just about everything it tries  and it tries quite a lot  IGN AUFull of mysteries and surprises, interesting characters  The New York TimesA compelling risk/reward system that...amply blesses the daring  1UPIce-cool artwork...impossibly catchy soundtrack  EurogamerGames rarely have things this interesting to say  G4TVDS Best RPG/Best Story/Best New IP and DS Game of the Year  IGN THE SETUP-------------------------------------------------Welcome to Shibuya, a mishmash of attitudes and styles in the heart of Tokyo.A boy named Neku wakes up in a crowded intersection, alone and unaware of how he got there. Then, he receives a weird text: Clear this mission...or face erasure. With that, Neku is thrust into a life-or-death game that sends him scrambling down streets paved with one riddle after another...What is the Reapers Game? Why is Neku a Player, and what is he playing for? Will the Game really end if he survives all seven days? Another mystery is always around the corner.THE PAYOFF------------------------------------------------- Intuitive, addictive combat with a twistActivate your combat abilities, or psychs, with simple touch commands like tapping, slashing, and dragging. Comfy with that? Control Neku and his Game partner on the same screen and take the combat up a notch. Like loot? Boost your item drops in battle with the revamped Fusion system. Deep replay valueFinish the main story to unlock a hilarious bonus chapter, more quests and items to find, new combat challenges, and secret reports that flesh out the story even more. Explore a living, breathing cityNekus sprawling world is based on the real-life Shibuya in Tokyo. Visit real locations and absorb some real Japanese culture through a hip, fantasy lens. Exciting arcade actionUse the pins you equip in the main story to play Tin Pin Slammer! Take on various in-game NPCs and be the first to knock your opponents pins off the table! Completely redrawn artEnjoy the game in full HD on your device with art and animation that has been redrawn just for high pixel density  The ultimate soundtrack: 60 songsComposer Takeharu Ishimotos complete, sonically sublime soundtrack is included right in the game with high-quality audio and full vocals. Wirelessly trade Friend CardsExchange profiles with other players, and their avatars will appear in the streets of Shibuya! Not only that, you receive free items for every trade!THE VERDICT-------------------------------------------------Praise for the original The World Ends with You:Compelling and immaculately presented...from start to finish  GamespotNails just about everything it tries  and it tries quite a lot  IGN AUFull of mysteries and surprises, interesting characters  The New York TimesA compelling risk/reward system that...amply blesses the daring  1UPIce-cool artwork...impossibly catchy soundtrack  EurogamerGames rarely have things this interesting to say  G4TVDS Best RPG/Best Story/Best New IP and DS Game of the Year  IGN A boy named Neku wakes up in a crowded intersection, alone and unaware of how he got there. Then, he receives a weird text: Clear this mission...or face erasure. With that, Neku is thrust into a life-or-death game that sends him scrambling down streets paved with one riddle after another...What is the Reapers Game? Why is Neku a Player, and what is he playing for? Will the Game really end if he survives all seven days? Another mystery is always around the corner.THE PAYOFF------------------------------------------------- Intuitive, addictive combat with a twistActivate your combat abilities, or psychs, with simple touch commands like tapping, slashing, and dragging. Comfy with that? Control Neku and his Game partner on the same screen and take the combat up a notch. Like loot? Boost your item drops in battle with the revamped Fusion system. Deep replay valueFinish the main story to unlock a hilarious bonus chapter, more quests and items to find, new combat challenges, and secret reports that flesh out the story even more. Explore a living, breathing cityNekus sprawling world is based on the real-life Shibuya in Tokyo. Visit real locations and absorb some real Japanese culture through a hip, fantasy lens. Exciting arcade actionUse the pins you equip in the main story to play Tin Pin Slammer! Take on various in-game NPCs and be the first to knock your opponents pins off the table! Completely redrawn artEnjoy the game in full HD on your device with art and animation that has been redrawn just for high pixel density  The ultimate soundtrack: 60 songsComposer Takeharu Ishimotos complete, sonically sublime soundtrack is included right in the game with high-quality audio and full vocals. Wirelessly trade Friend CardsExchange profiles with other players, and their avatars will appear in the streets of Shibuya! Not only that, you receive free items for every trade!THE VERDICT-------------------------------------------------Praise for the original The World Ends with You:Compelling and immaculately presented...from start to finish  GamespotNails just about everything it tries  and it tries quite a lot  IGN AUFull of mysteries and surprises, interesting characters  The New York TimesA compelling risk/reward system that...amply blesses the daring  1UPIce-cool artwork...impossibly catchy soundtrack  EurogamerGames rarely have things this interesting to say  G4TVDS Best RPG/Best Story/Best New IP and DS Game of the Year  IGN What is the Reapers Game? Why is Neku a Player, and what is he playing for? Will the Game really end if he survives all seven days? Another mystery is always around the corner.THE PAYOFF------------------------------------------------- Intuitive, addictive combat with a twistActivate your combat abilities, or psychs, with simple touch commands like tapping, slashing, and dragging. Comfy with that? Control Neku and his Game partner on the same screen and take the combat up a notch. Like loot? Boost your item drops in battle with the revamped Fusion system. Deep replay valueFinish the main story to unlock a hilarious bonus chapter, more quests and items to find, new combat challenges, and secret reports that flesh out the story even more. Explore a living, breathing cityNekus sprawling world is based on the real-life Shibuya in Tokyo. Visit real locations and absorb some real Japanese culture through a hip, fantasy lens. Exciting arcade actionUse the pins you equip in the main story to play Tin Pin Slammer! Take on various in-game NPCs and be the first to knock your opponents pins off the table! Completely redrawn artEnjoy the game in full HD on your device with art and animation that has been redrawn just for high pixel density  The ultimate soundtrack: 60 songsComposer Takeharu Ishimotos complete, sonically sublime soundtrack is included right in the game with high-quality audio and full vocals. Wirelessly trade Friend CardsExchange profiles with other players, and their avatars will appear in the streets of Shibuya! Not only that, you receive free items for every trade!THE VERDICT-------------------------------------------------Praise for the original The World Ends with You:Compelling and immaculately presented...from start to finish  GamespotNails just about everything it tries  and it tries quite a lot  IGN AUFull of mysteries and surprises, interesting characters  The New York TimesA compelling risk/reward system that...amply blesses the daring  1UPIce-cool artwork...impossibly catchy soundtrack  EurogamerGames rarely have things this interesting to say  G4TVDS Best RPG/Best Story/Best New IP and DS Game of the Year  IGN THE PAYOFF------------------------------------------------- Intuitive, addictive combat with a twistActivate your combat abilities, or psychs, with simple touch commands like tapping, slashing, and dragging. Comfy with that? Control Neku and his Game partner on the same screen and take the combat up a notch. Like loot? Boost your item drops in battle with the revamped Fusion system. Deep replay valueFinish the main story to unlock a hilarious bonus chapter, more quests and items to find, new combat challenges, and secret reports that flesh out the story even more. Explore a living, breathing cityNekus sprawling world is based on the real-life Shibuya in Tokyo. Visit real locations and absorb some real Japanese culture through a hip, fantasy lens. Exciting arcade actionUse the pins you equip in the main story to play Tin Pin Slammer! Take on various in-game NPCs and be the first to knock your opponents pins off the table! Completely redrawn artEnjoy the game in full HD on your device with art and animation that has been redrawn just for high pixel density  The ultimate soundtrack: 60 songsComposer Takeharu Ishimotos complete, sonically sublime soundtrack is included right in the game with high-quality audio and full vocals. Wirelessly trade Friend CardsExchange profiles with other players, and their avatars will appear in the streets of Shibuya! Not only that, you receive free items for every trade!THE VERDICT-------------------------------------------------Praise for the original The World Ends with You:Compelling and immaculately presented...from start to finish  GamespotNails just about everything it tries  and it tries quite a lot  IGN AUFull of mysteries and surprises, interesting characters  The New York TimesA compelling risk/reward system that...amply blesses the daring  1UPIce-cool artwork...impossibly catchy soundtrack  EurogamerGames rarely have things this interesting to say  G4TVDS Best RPG/Best Story/Best New IP and DS Game of the Year  IGN  Deep replay valueFinish the main story to unlock a hilarious bonus chapter, more quests and items to find, new combat challenges, and secret reports that flesh out the story even more. Explore a living, breathing cityNekus sprawling world is based on the real-life Shibuya in Tokyo. Visit real locations and absorb some real Japanese culture through a hip, fantasy lens. Exciting arcade actionUse the pins you equip in the main story to play Tin Pin Slammer! Take on various in-game NPCs and be the first to knock your opponents pins off the table! Completely redrawn artEnjoy the game in full HD on your device with art and animation that has been redrawn just for high pixel density  The ultimate soundtrack: 60 songsComposer Takeharu Ishimotos complete, sonically sublime soundtrack is included right in the game with high-quality audio and full vocals. Wirelessly trade Friend CardsExchange profiles with other players, and their avatars will appear in the streets of Shibuya! Not only that, you receive free items for every trade!THE VERDICT-------------------------------------------------Praise for the original The World Ends with You:Compelling and immaculately presented...from start to finish  GamespotNails just about everything it tries  and it tries quite a lot  IGN AUFull of mysteries and surprises, interesting characters  The New York TimesA compelling risk/reward system that...amply blesses the daring  1UPIce-cool artwork...impossibly catchy soundtrack  EurogamerGames rarely have things this interesting to say  G4TVDS Best RPG/Best Story/Best New IP and DS Game of the Year  IGN  Explore a living, breathing cityNekus sprawling world is based on the real-life Shibuya in Tokyo. Visit real locations and absorb some real Japanese culture through a hip, fantasy lens. Exciting arcade actionUse the pins you equip in the main story to play Tin Pin Slammer! Take on various in-game NPCs and be the first to knock your opponents pins off the table! Completely redrawn artEnjoy the game in full HD on your device with art and animation that has been redrawn just for high pixel density  The ultimate soundtrack: 60 songsComposer Takeharu Ishimotos complete, sonically sublime soundtrack is included right in the game with high-quality audio and full vocals. Wirelessly trade Friend CardsExchange profiles with other players, and their avatars will appear in the streets of Shibuya! Not only that, you receive free items for every trade!THE VERDICT-------------------------------------------------Praise for the original The World Ends with You:Compelling and immaculately presented...from start to finish  GamespotNails just about everything it tries  and it tries quite a lot  IGN AUFull of mysteries and surprises, interesting characters  The New York TimesA compelling risk/reward system that...amply blesses the daring  1UPIce-cool artwork...impossibly catchy soundtrack  EurogamerGames rarely have things this interesting to say  G4TVDS Best RPG/Best Story/Best New IP and DS Game of the Year  IGN  Exciting arcade actionUse the pins you equip in the main story to play Tin Pin Slammer! Take on various in-game NPCs and be the first to knock your opponents pins off the table! Completely redrawn artEnjoy the game in full HD on your device with art and animation that has been redrawn just for high pixel density  The ultimate soundtrack: 60 songsComposer Takeharu Ishimotos complete, sonically sublime soundtrack is included right in the game with high-quality audio and full vocals. Wirelessly trade Friend CardsExchange profiles with other players, and their avatars will appear in the streets of Shibuya! Not only that, you receive free items for every trade!THE VERDICT-------------------------------------------------Praise for the original The World Ends with You:Compelling and immaculately presented...from start to finish  GamespotNails just about everything it tries  and it tries quite a lot  IGN AUFull of mysteries and surprises, interesting characters  The New York TimesA compelling risk/reward system that...amply blesses the daring  1UPIce-cool artwork...impossibly catchy soundtrack  EurogamerGames rarely have things this interesting to say  G4TVDS Best RPG/Best Story/Best New IP and DS Game of the Year  IGN  Completely redrawn artEnjoy the game in full HD on your device with art and animation that has been redrawn just for high pixel density  The ultimate soundtrack: 60 songsComposer Takeharu Ishimotos complete, sonically sublime soundtrack is included right in the game with high-quality audio and full vocals. Wirelessly trade Friend CardsExchange profiles with other players, and their avatars will appear in the streets of Shibuya! Not only that, you receive free items for every trade!THE VERDICT-------------------------------------------------Praise for the original The World Ends with You:Compelling and immaculately presented...from start to finish  GamespotNails just about everything it tries  and it tries quite a lot  IGN AUFull of mysteries and surprises, interesting characters  The New York TimesA compelling risk/reward system that...amply blesses the daring  1UPIce-cool artwork...impossibly catchy soundtrack  EurogamerGames rarely have things this interesting to say  G4TVDS Best RPG/Best Story/Best New IP and DS Game of the Year  IGN  The ultimate soundtrack: 60 songsComposer Takeharu Ishimotos complete, sonically sublime soundtrack is included right in the game with high-quality audio and full vocals. Wirelessly trade Friend CardsExchange profiles with other players, and their avatars will appear in the streets of Shibuya! Not only that, you receive free items for every trade!THE VERDICT-------------------------------------------------Praise for the original The World Ends with You:Compelling and immaculately presented...from start to finish  GamespotNails just about everything it tries  and it tries quite a lot  IGN AUFull of mysteries and surprises, interesting characters  The New York TimesA compelling risk/reward system that...amply blesses the daring  1UPIce-cool artwork...impossibly catchy soundtrack  EurogamerGames rarely have things this interesting to say  G4TVDS Best RPG/Best Story/Best New IP and DS Game of the Year  IGN  Wirelessly trade Friend CardsExchange profiles with other players, and their avatars will appear in the streets of Shibuya! Not only that, you receive free items for every trade!THE VERDICT-------------------------------------------------Praise for the original The World Ends with You:Compelling and immaculately presented...from start to finish  GamespotNails just about everything it tries  and it tries quite a lot  IGN AUFull of mysteries and surprises, interesting characters  The New York TimesA compelling risk/reward system that...amply blesses the daring  1UPIce-cool artwork...impossibly catchy soundtrack  EurogamerGames rarely have things this interesting to say  G4TVDS Best RPG/Best Story/Best New IP and DS Game of the Year  IGN THE VERDICT-------------------------------------------------Praise for the original The World Ends with You:Compelling and immaculately presented...from start to finish  GamespotNails just about everything it tries  and it tries quite a lot  IGN AUFull of mysteries and surprises, interesting characters  The New York TimesA compelling risk/reward system that...amply blesses the daring  1UPIce-cool artwork...impossibly catchy soundtrack  EurogamerGames rarely have things this interesting to say  G4TVDS Best RPG/Best Story/Best New IP and DS Game of the Year  IGN Compelling and immaculately presented...from start to finish  GamespotNails just about everything it tries  and it tries quite a lot  IGN AUFull of mysteries and surprises, interesting characters  The New York TimesA compelling risk/reward system that...amply blesses the daring  1UPIce-cool artwork...impossibly catchy soundtrack  EurogamerGames rarely have things this interesting to say  G4TVDS Best RPG/Best Story/Best New IP and DS Game of the Year  IGN Nails just about everything it tries  and it tries quite a lot  IGN AUFull of mysteries and surprises, interesting characters  The New York TimesA compelling risk/reward system that...amply blesses the daring  1UPIce-cool artwork...impossibly catchy soundtrack  EurogamerGames rarely have things this interesting to say  G4TVDS Best RPG/Best Story/Best New IP and DS Game of the Year  IGN Full of mysteries and surprises, interesting characters  The New York TimesA compelling risk/reward system that...amply blesses the daring  1UPIce-cool artwork...impossibly catchy soundtrack  EurogamerGames rarely have things this interesting to say  G4TVDS Best RPG/Best Story/Best New IP and DS Game of the Year  IGN A compelling risk/reward system that...amply blesses the daring  1UPIce-cool artwork...impossibly catchy soundtrack  EurogamerGames rarely have things this interesting to say  G4TVDS Best RPG/Best Story/Best New IP and DS Game of the Year  IGN Ice-cool artwork...impossibly catchy soundtrack  EurogamerGames rarely have things this interesting to say  G4TVDS Best RPG/Best Story/Best New IP and DS Game of the Year  IGN Games rarely have things this interesting to say  G4TVDS Best RPG/Best Story/Best New IP and DS Game of the Year  IGN DS Best RPG/Best Story/Best New IP and DS Game of the Year  IGN
The Little Ones expansion is available now as an in-app purchase!"If you've not already played this brilliant, heart-wrenching game, then mobile is as good a place as any to let it completely destroy you." - , 9/10, Pocket Gamer UK"This War of Mine isnt exactly fun, but its definitely a game worth playing." , 9/10, 148appsIn This War Of Mine you do not play as an elite soldier, rather a group of civilians trying to survive in a besieged city; struggling with lack of food, medicine and constant danger from snipers and hostile scavengers. The game provides an experience of war seen from an entirely new angle. The pace of This War of Mine is imposed by the day and night cycle. During the day snipers outside stop you from leaving your refuge, so you need to focus on maintaining your hideout: crafting, trading and taking care of your survivors. At night, take one of your civilians on a mission to scavenge through a set of unique locations for items that will help you stay alive. Make life-and-death decisions driven by your conscience. Try to protect everybody from your shelter or sacrifice some of them for longer-term survival. During war, there are no good or bad decisions; there is only survival. The sooner you realize that, the better.Key Features:    Inspired by real-life events     Control your survivors and manage your shelter     Craft weapons, alcohol, beds or stoves  anything that helps you survive     Make decisions - an often unforgiving and emotionally difficult experience     Randomized world and characters every time you start a new game     Charcoal-stylized aesthetics to complement the game's themeThe Little Ones:The newly delivered expansion explores the hardships of wartime survival as seen from an entirely new perspectivethat of a child. This DLC puts you in charge of a group of adults and children stuck in a besieged city, struggling with basic necessities. TWoM: The Little Ones focuses not only on the reality of enduring war, but also on how even in times of conflict, kids are still kids: they laugh, cry, play, and see the world differently. In addition to thinking about survival, you'll have to summon your inner child to understand how to protect the little ones. Their youth, and their future, are in your hands. Experience the biggest expansion to This War of Mine Protect innocent children Craft toys, play with kids, and be the caretaker they need Meet new adult civilians in scenarios with childrenSupported languages:English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Polish, Russian, Turkish, Japanese, Korean, Portugese-BrazilSystem requirements:GPU: Adreno 320 and higher, Tegra 3 and higher, PowerVR SGX 544 and higher.RAM: At least 1 GB RAM is required.Other devices may work depending on screen resolution and amount of background apps running. "If you've not already played this brilliant, heart-wrenching game, then mobile is as good a place as any to let it completely destroy you." - , 9/10, Pocket Gamer UK"This War of Mine isnt exactly fun, but its definitely a game worth playing." , 9/10, 148appsIn This War Of Mine you do not play as an elite soldier, rather a group of civilians trying to survive in a besieged city; struggling with lack of food, medicine and constant danger from snipers and hostile scavengers. The game provides an experience of war seen from an entirely new angle. The pace of This War of Mine is imposed by the day and night cycle. During the day snipers outside stop you from leaving your refuge, so you need to focus on maintaining your hideout: crafting, trading and taking care of your survivors. At night, take one of your civilians on a mission to scavenge through a set of unique locations for items that will help you stay alive. Make life-and-death decisions driven by your conscience. Try to protect everybody from your shelter or sacrifice some of them for longer-term survival. During war, there are no good or bad decisions; there is only survival. The sooner you realize that, the better.Key Features:    Inspired by real-life events     Control your survivors and manage your shelter     Craft weapons, alcohol, beds or stoves  anything that helps you survive     Make decisions - an often unforgiving and emotionally difficult experience     Randomized world and characters every time you start a new game     Charcoal-stylized aesthetics to complement the game's themeThe Little Ones:The newly delivered expansion explores the hardships of wartime survival as seen from an entirely new perspectivethat of a child. This DLC puts you in charge of a group of adults and children stuck in a besieged city, struggling with basic necessities. TWoM: The Little Ones focuses not only on the reality of enduring war, but also on how even in times of conflict, kids are still kids: they laugh, cry, play, and see the world differently. In addition to thinking about survival, you'll have to summon your inner child to understand how to protect the little ones. Their youth, and their future, are in your hands. Experience the biggest expansion to This War of Mine Protect innocent children Craft toys, play with kids, and be the caretaker they need Meet new adult civilians in scenarios with childrenSupported languages:English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Polish, Russian, Turkish, Japanese, Korean, Portugese-BrazilSystem requirements:GPU: Adreno 320 and higher, Tegra 3 and higher, PowerVR SGX 544 and higher.RAM: At least 1 GB RAM is required.Other devices may work depending on screen resolution and amount of background apps running. "This War of Mine isnt exactly fun, but its definitely a game worth playing." , 9/10, 148appsIn This War Of Mine you do not play as an elite soldier, rather a group of civilians trying to survive in a besieged city; struggling with lack of food, medicine and constant danger from snipers and hostile scavengers. The game provides an experience of war seen from an entirely new angle. The pace of This War of Mine is imposed by the day and night cycle. During the day snipers outside stop you from leaving your refuge, so you need to focus on maintaining your hideout: crafting, trading and taking care of your survivors. At night, take one of your civilians on a mission to scavenge through a set of unique locations for items that will help you stay alive. Make life-and-death decisions driven by your conscience. Try to protect everybody from your shelter or sacrifice some of them for longer-term survival. During war, there are no good or bad decisions; there is only survival. The sooner you realize that, the better.Key Features:    Inspired by real-life events     Control your survivors and manage your shelter     Craft weapons, alcohol, beds or stoves  anything that helps you survive     Make decisions - an often unforgiving and emotionally difficult experience     Randomized world and characters every time you start a new game     Charcoal-stylized aesthetics to complement the game's themeThe Little Ones:The newly delivered expansion explores the hardships of wartime survival as seen from an entirely new perspectivethat of a child. This DLC puts you in charge of a group of adults and children stuck in a besieged city, struggling with basic necessities. TWoM: The Little Ones focuses not only on the reality of enduring war, but also on how even in times of conflict, kids are still kids: they laugh, cry, play, and see the world differently. In addition to thinking about survival, you'll have to summon your inner child to understand how to protect the little ones. Their youth, and their future, are in your hands. Experience the biggest expansion to This War of Mine Protect innocent children Craft toys, play with kids, and be the caretaker they need Meet new adult civilians in scenarios with childrenSupported languages:English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Polish, Russian, Turkish, Japanese, Korean, Portugese-BrazilSystem requirements:GPU: Adreno 320 and higher, Tegra 3 and higher, PowerVR SGX 544 and higher.RAM: At least 1 GB RAM is required.Other devices may work depending on screen resolution and amount of background apps running. In This War Of Mine you do not play as an elite soldier, rather a group of civilians trying to survive in a besieged city; struggling with lack of food, medicine and constant danger from snipers and hostile scavengers. The game provides an experience of war seen from an entirely new angle. The pace of This War of Mine is imposed by the day and night cycle. During the day snipers outside stop you from leaving your refuge, so you need to focus on maintaining your hideout: crafting, trading and taking care of your survivors. At night, take one of your civilians on a mission to scavenge through a set of unique locations for items that will help you stay alive. Make life-and-death decisions driven by your conscience. Try to protect everybody from your shelter or sacrifice some of them for longer-term survival. During war, there are no good or bad decisions; there is only survival. The sooner you realize that, the better.Key Features:    Inspired by real-life events     Control your survivors and manage your shelter     Craft weapons, alcohol, beds or stoves  anything that helps you survive     Make decisions - an often unforgiving and emotionally difficult experience     Randomized world and characters every time you start a new game     Charcoal-stylized aesthetics to complement the game's themeThe Little Ones:The newly delivered expansion explores the hardships of wartime survival as seen from an entirely new perspectivethat of a child. This DLC puts you in charge of a group of adults and children stuck in a besieged city, struggling with basic necessities. TWoM: The Little Ones focuses not only on the reality of enduring war, but also on how even in times of conflict, kids are still kids: they laugh, cry, play, and see the world differently. In addition to thinking about survival, you'll have to summon your inner child to understand how to protect the little ones. Their youth, and their future, are in your hands. Experience the biggest expansion to This War of Mine Protect innocent children Craft toys, play with kids, and be the caretaker they need Meet new adult civilians in scenarios with childrenSupported languages:English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Polish, Russian, Turkish, Japanese, Korean, Portugese-BrazilSystem requirements:GPU: Adreno 320 and higher, Tegra 3 and higher, PowerVR SGX 544 and higher.RAM: At least 1 GB RAM is required.Other devices may work depending on screen resolution and amount of background apps running. The pace of This War of Mine is imposed by the day and night cycle. During the day snipers outside stop you from leaving your refuge, so you need to focus on maintaining your hideout: crafting, trading and taking care of your survivors. At night, take one of your civilians on a mission to scavenge through a set of unique locations for items that will help you stay alive. Make life-and-death decisions driven by your conscience. Try to protect everybody from your shelter or sacrifice some of them for longer-term survival. During war, there are no good or bad decisions; there is only survival. The sooner you realize that, the better.Key Features:    Inspired by real-life events     Control your survivors and manage your shelter     Craft weapons, alcohol, beds or stoves  anything that helps you survive     Make decisions - an often unforgiving and emotionally difficult experience     Randomized world and characters every time you start a new game     Charcoal-stylized aesthetics to complement the game's themeThe Little Ones:The newly delivered expansion explores the hardships of wartime survival as seen from an entirely new perspectivethat of a child. This DLC puts you in charge of a group of adults and children stuck in a besieged city, struggling with basic necessities. TWoM: The Little Ones focuses not only on the reality of enduring war, but also on how even in times of conflict, kids are still kids: they laugh, cry, play, and see the world differently. In addition to thinking about survival, you'll have to summon your inner child to understand how to protect the little ones. Their youth, and their future, are in your hands. Experience the biggest expansion to This War of Mine Protect innocent children Craft toys, play with kids, and be the caretaker they need Meet new adult civilians in scenarios with childrenSupported languages:English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Polish, Russian, Turkish, Japanese, Korean, Portugese-BrazilSystem requirements:GPU: Adreno 320 and higher, Tegra 3 and higher, PowerVR SGX 544 and higher.RAM: At least 1 GB RAM is required.Other devices may work depending on screen resolution and amount of background apps running. Make life-and-death decisions driven by your conscience. Try to protect everybody from your shelter or sacrifice some of them for longer-term survival. During war, there are no good or bad decisions; there is only survival. The sooner you realize that, the better.Key Features:    Inspired by real-life events     Control your survivors and manage your shelter     Craft weapons, alcohol, beds or stoves  anything that helps you survive     Make decisions - an often unforgiving and emotionally difficult experience     Randomized world and characters every time you start a new game     Charcoal-stylized aesthetics to complement the game's themeThe Little Ones:The newly delivered expansion explores the hardships of wartime survival as seen from an entirely new perspectivethat of a child. This DLC puts you in charge of a group of adults and children stuck in a besieged city, struggling with basic necessities. TWoM: The Little Ones focuses not only on the reality of enduring war, but also on how even in times of conflict, kids are still kids: they laugh, cry, play, and see the world differently. In addition to thinking about survival, you'll have to summon your inner child to understand how to protect the little ones. Their youth, and their future, are in your hands. Experience the biggest expansion to This War of Mine Protect innocent children Craft toys, play with kids, and be the caretaker they need Meet new adult civilians in scenarios with childrenSupported languages:English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Polish, Russian, Turkish, Japanese, Korean, Portugese-BrazilSystem requirements:GPU: Adreno 320 and higher, Tegra 3 and higher, PowerVR SGX 544 and higher.RAM: At least 1 GB RAM is required.Other devices may work depending on screen resolution and amount of background apps running. Key Features:    Inspired by real-life events     Control your survivors and manage your shelter     Craft weapons, alcohol, beds or stoves  anything that helps you survive     Make decisions - an often unforgiving and emotionally difficult experience     Randomized world and characters every time you start a new game     Charcoal-stylized aesthetics to complement the game's themeThe Little Ones:The newly delivered expansion explores the hardships of wartime survival as seen from an entirely new perspectivethat of a child. This DLC puts you in charge of a group of adults and children stuck in a besieged city, struggling with basic necessities. TWoM: The Little Ones focuses not only on the reality of enduring war, but also on how even in times of conflict, kids are still kids: they laugh, cry, play, and see the world differently. In addition to thinking about survival, you'll have to summon your inner child to understand how to protect the little ones. Their youth, and their future, are in your hands. Experience the biggest expansion to This War of Mine Protect innocent children Craft toys, play with kids, and be the caretaker they need Meet new adult civilians in scenarios with childrenSupported languages:English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Polish, Russian, Turkish, Japanese, Korean, Portugese-BrazilSystem requirements:GPU: Adreno 320 and higher, Tegra 3 and higher, PowerVR SGX 544 and higher.RAM: At least 1 GB RAM is required.Other devices may work depending on screen resolution and amount of background apps running. The Little Ones:The newly delivered expansion explores the hardships of wartime survival as seen from an entirely new perspectivethat of a child. This DLC puts you in charge of a group of adults and children stuck in a besieged city, struggling with basic necessities. TWoM: The Little Ones focuses not only on the reality of enduring war, but also on how even in times of conflict, kids are still kids: they laugh, cry, play, and see the world differently. In addition to thinking about survival, you'll have to summon your inner child to understand how to protect the little ones. Their youth, and their future, are in your hands. Experience the biggest expansion to This War of Mine Protect innocent children Craft toys, play with kids, and be the caretaker they need Meet new adult civilians in scenarios with childrenSupported languages:English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Polish, Russian, Turkish, Japanese, Korean, Portugese-BrazilSystem requirements:GPU: Adreno 320 and higher, Tegra 3 and higher, PowerVR SGX 544 and higher.RAM: At least 1 GB RAM is required.Other devices may work depending on screen resolution and amount of background apps running. The newly delivered expansion explores the hardships of wartime survival as seen from an entirely new perspectivethat of a child. This DLC puts you in charge of a group of adults and children stuck in a besieged city, struggling with basic necessities. TWoM: The Little Ones focuses not only on the reality of enduring war, but also on how even in times of conflict, kids are still kids: they laugh, cry, play, and see the world differently. In addition to thinking about survival, you'll have to summon your inner child to understand how to protect the little ones. Their youth, and their future, are in your hands. Experience the biggest expansion to This War of Mine Protect innocent children Craft toys, play with kids, and be the caretaker they need Meet new adult civilians in scenarios with childrenSupported languages:English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Polish, Russian, Turkish, Japanese, Korean, Portugese-BrazilSystem requirements:GPU: Adreno 320 and higher, Tegra 3 and higher, PowerVR SGX 544 and higher.RAM: At least 1 GB RAM is required.Other devices may work depending on screen resolution and amount of background apps running.  Experience the biggest expansion to This War of Mine Protect innocent children Craft toys, play with kids, and be the caretaker they need Meet new adult civilians in scenarios with childrenSupported languages:English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Polish, Russian, Turkish, Japanese, Korean, Portugese-BrazilSystem requirements:GPU: Adreno 320 and higher, Tegra 3 and higher, PowerVR SGX 544 and higher.RAM: At least 1 GB RAM is required.Other devices may work depending on screen resolution and amount of background apps running. Supported languages:English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Polish, Russian, Turkish, Japanese, Korean, Portugese-BrazilSystem requirements:GPU: Adreno 320 and higher, Tegra 3 and higher, PowerVR SGX 544 and higher.RAM: At least 1 GB RAM is required.Other devices may work depending on screen resolution and amount of background apps running. System requirements:GPU: Adreno 320 and higher, Tegra 3 and higher, PowerVR SGX 544 and higher.RAM: At least 1 GB RAM is required.Other devices may work depending on screen resolution and amount of background apps running.
THE BEST ONLINE CRIME SYNDICATE GAME!---------------------------------------------------------------------------------Play with MILLIONS of players NOW in the LARGEST, most INTENSE, SOCIAL CRIME MMORPG!Lead your EMPIRE to DOMINATION!Choose your allegiances to different criminal empires: the diabolical CARTEL, sinister SYNDICATE, ruthless MAFIA, or battle-tested STREET GANGS!ANNIHILATE and EXECUTE other LIVE players!GROW your CHARACTER and EMPIRE!AND LEAD SOLDIERS, GANGSTERS, MOB BOSSES to become a GODFATHER!BUILD YOUR ARSENAL Over 1000 Common, Uncommon, Rare, Epic, and Legendary items Tons of melee weapons, guns, rifles, cars and assault vehicles to take your enemies down Boost stats and customize your attacks with powerful weapons  Arm Lieutenants with the best gear and weapons and lead your Empire to victory Complete ""jobs"": rob casinos, break friends out of jail and take over territoriesGUNS FOR HIRE Select top lieutenants to lead your Empire Customize your empire with over 50 unique Lieutenants with unique abilities Take down the competition with unique Lieutenant powers Level up and fuse your Lieutenants to make them more effectiveDEFEAT POWERFUL BOSSES Team up with up to 200 other players to take down powerful bosses Show off your skills and scale the real time boss battle leaderboard Earn epic loot and bragging rights by beating the toughest bosses ALL OUT UNDERWORLD WAR Join or create your own Empire with up to 80 players Battle to become the toughest Empire in 80 vs. 80 Empire Wars Every player has a strategic role. Play as an Enforcer, Heavy Weapons, Sniper or Assassin Earn the most experience and upgrade hundreds of skill by participating in PvP battlesHD DISPLAY GRAPHICS!  1080p ready for a hi-def gaming experienceOPTIMIZED FOR ANDROID Supported on tablets of all makes and sizes *********************************By downloading this game, you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and the License Agreement. https://www.kabam.com/corporate/terms-of-servicehttps://www.kabam.com/corporate/privacy-policyhttps://www.kabam.com/corporate/eula********************************* Choose your allegiances to different criminal empires: the diabolical CARTEL, sinister SYNDICATE, ruthless MAFIA, or battle-tested STREET GANGS!ANNIHILATE and EXECUTE other LIVE players!GROW your CHARACTER and EMPIRE!AND LEAD SOLDIERS, GANGSTERS, MOB BOSSES to become a GODFATHER!BUILD YOUR ARSENAL Over 1000 Common, Uncommon, Rare, Epic, and Legendary items Tons of melee weapons, guns, rifles, cars and assault vehicles to take your enemies down Boost stats and customize your attacks with powerful weapons  Arm Lieutenants with the best gear and weapons and lead your Empire to victory Complete ""jobs"": rob casinos, break friends out of jail and take over territoriesGUNS FOR HIRE Select top lieutenants to lead your Empire Customize your empire with over 50 unique Lieutenants with unique abilities Take down the competition with unique Lieutenant powers Level up and fuse your Lieutenants to make them more effectiveDEFEAT POWERFUL BOSSES Team up with up to 200 other players to take down powerful bosses Show off your skills and scale the real time boss battle leaderboard Earn epic loot and bragging rights by beating the toughest bosses ALL OUT UNDERWORLD WAR Join or create your own Empire with up to 80 players Battle to become the toughest Empire in 80 vs. 80 Empire Wars Every player has a strategic role. Play as an Enforcer, Heavy Weapons, Sniper or Assassin Earn the most experience and upgrade hundreds of skill by participating in PvP battlesHD DISPLAY GRAPHICS!  1080p ready for a hi-def gaming experienceOPTIMIZED FOR ANDROID Supported on tablets of all makes and sizes *********************************By downloading this game, you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and the License Agreement. https://www.kabam.com/corporate/terms-of-servicehttps://www.kabam.com/corporate/privacy-policyhttps://www.kabam.com/corporate/eula********************************* ANNIHILATE and EXECUTE other LIVE players!GROW your CHARACTER and EMPIRE!AND LEAD SOLDIERS, GANGSTERS, MOB BOSSES to become a GODFATHER!BUILD YOUR ARSENAL Over 1000 Common, Uncommon, Rare, Epic, and Legendary items Tons of melee weapons, guns, rifles, cars and assault vehicles to take your enemies down Boost stats and customize your attacks with powerful weapons  Arm Lieutenants with the best gear and weapons and lead your Empire to victory Complete ""jobs"": rob casinos, break friends out of jail and take over territoriesGUNS FOR HIRE Select top lieutenants to lead your Empire Customize your empire with over 50 unique Lieutenants with unique abilities Take down the competition with unique Lieutenant powers Level up and fuse your Lieutenants to make them more effectiveDEFEAT POWERFUL BOSSES Team up with up to 200 other players to take down powerful bosses Show off your skills and scale the real time boss battle leaderboard Earn epic loot and bragging rights by beating the toughest bosses ALL OUT UNDERWORLD WAR Join or create your own Empire with up to 80 players Battle to become the toughest Empire in 80 vs. 80 Empire Wars Every player has a strategic role. Play as an Enforcer, Heavy Weapons, Sniper or Assassin Earn the most experience and upgrade hundreds of skill by participating in PvP battlesHD DISPLAY GRAPHICS!  1080p ready for a hi-def gaming experienceOPTIMIZED FOR ANDROID Supported on tablets of all makes and sizes *********************************By downloading this game, you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and the License Agreement. https://www.kabam.com/corporate/terms-of-servicehttps://www.kabam.com/corporate/privacy-policyhttps://www.kabam.com/corporate/eula********************************* BUILD YOUR ARSENAL Over 1000 Common, Uncommon, Rare, Epic, and Legendary items Tons of melee weapons, guns, rifles, cars and assault vehicles to take your enemies down Boost stats and customize your attacks with powerful weapons  Arm Lieutenants with the best gear and weapons and lead your Empire to victory Complete ""jobs"": rob casinos, break friends out of jail and take over territoriesGUNS FOR HIRE Select top lieutenants to lead your Empire Customize your empire with over 50 unique Lieutenants with unique abilities Take down the competition with unique Lieutenant powers Level up and fuse your Lieutenants to make them more effectiveDEFEAT POWERFUL BOSSES Team up with up to 200 other players to take down powerful bosses Show off your skills and scale the real time boss battle leaderboard Earn epic loot and bragging rights by beating the toughest bosses ALL OUT UNDERWORLD WAR Join or create your own Empire with up to 80 players Battle to become the toughest Empire in 80 vs. 80 Empire Wars Every player has a strategic role. Play as an Enforcer, Heavy Weapons, Sniper or Assassin Earn the most experience and upgrade hundreds of skill by participating in PvP battlesHD DISPLAY GRAPHICS!  1080p ready for a hi-def gaming experienceOPTIMIZED FOR ANDROID Supported on tablets of all makes and sizes *********************************By downloading this game, you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and the License Agreement. https://www.kabam.com/corporate/terms-of-servicehttps://www.kabam.com/corporate/privacy-policyhttps://www.kabam.com/corporate/eula********************************* GUNS FOR HIRE Select top lieutenants to lead your Empire Customize your empire with over 50 unique Lieutenants with unique abilities Take down the competition with unique Lieutenant powers Level up and fuse your Lieutenants to make them more effectiveDEFEAT POWERFUL BOSSES Team up with up to 200 other players to take down powerful bosses Show off your skills and scale the real time boss battle leaderboard Earn epic loot and bragging rights by beating the toughest bosses ALL OUT UNDERWORLD WAR Join or create your own Empire with up to 80 players Battle to become the toughest Empire in 80 vs. 80 Empire Wars Every player has a strategic role. Play as an Enforcer, Heavy Weapons, Sniper or Assassin Earn the most experience and upgrade hundreds of skill by participating in PvP battlesHD DISPLAY GRAPHICS!  1080p ready for a hi-def gaming experienceOPTIMIZED FOR ANDROID Supported on tablets of all makes and sizes *********************************By downloading this game, you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and the License Agreement. https://www.kabam.com/corporate/terms-of-servicehttps://www.kabam.com/corporate/privacy-policyhttps://www.kabam.com/corporate/eula********************************* DEFEAT POWERFUL BOSSES Team up with up to 200 other players to take down powerful bosses Show off your skills and scale the real time boss battle leaderboard Earn epic loot and bragging rights by beating the toughest bosses ALL OUT UNDERWORLD WAR Join or create your own Empire with up to 80 players Battle to become the toughest Empire in 80 vs. 80 Empire Wars Every player has a strategic role. Play as an Enforcer, Heavy Weapons, Sniper or Assassin Earn the most experience and upgrade hundreds of skill by participating in PvP battlesHD DISPLAY GRAPHICS!  1080p ready for a hi-def gaming experienceOPTIMIZED FOR ANDROID Supported on tablets of all makes and sizes *********************************By downloading this game, you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and the License Agreement. https://www.kabam.com/corporate/terms-of-servicehttps://www.kabam.com/corporate/privacy-policyhttps://www.kabam.com/corporate/eula********************************* ALL OUT UNDERWORLD WAR Join or create your own Empire with up to 80 players Battle to become the toughest Empire in 80 vs. 80 Empire Wars Every player has a strategic role. Play as an Enforcer, Heavy Weapons, Sniper or Assassin Earn the most experience and upgrade hundreds of skill by participating in PvP battlesHD DISPLAY GRAPHICS!  1080p ready for a hi-def gaming experienceOPTIMIZED FOR ANDROID Supported on tablets of all makes and sizes *********************************By downloading this game, you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and the License Agreement. https://www.kabam.com/corporate/terms-of-servicehttps://www.kabam.com/corporate/privacy-policyhttps://www.kabam.com/corporate/eula********************************* HD DISPLAY GRAPHICS!  1080p ready for a hi-def gaming experienceOPTIMIZED FOR ANDROID Supported on tablets of all makes and sizes *********************************By downloading this game, you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and the License Agreement. https://www.kabam.com/corporate/terms-of-servicehttps://www.kabam.com/corporate/privacy-policyhttps://www.kabam.com/corporate/eula********************************* OPTIMIZED FOR ANDROID Supported on tablets of all makes and sizes *********************************By downloading this game, you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and the License Agreement. https://www.kabam.com/corporate/terms-of-servicehttps://www.kabam.com/corporate/privacy-policyhttps://www.kabam.com/corporate/eula********************************* *********************************By downloading this game, you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and the License Agreement. https://www.kabam.com/corporate/terms-of-servicehttps://www.kabam.com/corporate/privacy-policyhttps://www.kabam.com/corporate/eula********************************* https://www.kabam.com/corporate/terms-of-servicehttps://www.kabam.com/corporate/privacy-policyhttps://www.kabam.com/corporate/eula*********************************
Explore the lush woods and mud bay in this paradise town. Challenge yourself and build your own adventure town, city or farm by clearing out a blissful Oregon. Venture into this island and create your own vivid bay. Have fun in this blissful farm simulation game.Things to do in this treasure island filled with joyride:  Use a sword or axe to breach through the vivid woods and venture through obstacles. Forge royal houses and royal buildings from blissful woods to live in star flow. Make your own fortune story - grow and harvest crops, fruits and vegetables to survive and win daily rewards in this powerhouse fortune bay. Joyride to your own blissful shed in this paradise fortune bay.  Forge your own mud fortress of venture in a paradise city. Dare yourself to Team Challenges and other Limited Edition expedition. Get bonus resources during time bound sales events or by harvesting debris. Board the force and draw honor rewards like sword, gold, spirit and silver coins to progress in the game. Play mini games, quests and team challenges on other treasure island star flow. Compete with friends like mud wizard on social team challenges and win big honor. Spawn your country escape and explore this island from a long time ago i.e. ice age in frontierville. Build a muddy township or city from the land for your neighbors in lush frontierville. Customize the land as you want it. Make a treasure dairy farm, an enchanted village city or a subway out of this adventure bay. Decorate your land with many collectibles in frontierville.Whether you are adventurous or want to pass time... Challenge yourself down this lush adventure road. Explore the muddy powerhouse characters who seek your help to restore it from a tiny paradise to a great city/town!Enjoy the original of all role play, multiplayer RockYou games (Shipwrecked, Westbound, Goldrush, Volcano Island, Skull Island & New World). Supported on most smartphones and tablets. Note: You must be at least 13 years of age to play or download this game. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.There are no cheats for this shipwrecked game.~~~~~NOTE~~~~~IN-APP PAYMENTS: The game is free to play, but you can buy special items to use in the game.NOTE TO PARENTS: This game may include direct links to social networking sites that are intended for an audience that is at least 13 years of age; direct links to the internet with the potential to browse any web page; and advertising of RockYou products and products from select partners. Things to do in this treasure island filled with joyride:  Use a sword or axe to breach through the vivid woods and venture through obstacles. Forge royal houses and royal buildings from blissful woods to live in star flow. Make your own fortune story - grow and harvest crops, fruits and vegetables to survive and win daily rewards in this powerhouse fortune bay. Joyride to your own blissful shed in this paradise fortune bay.  Forge your own mud fortress of venture in a paradise city. Dare yourself to Team Challenges and other Limited Edition expedition. Get bonus resources during time bound sales events or by harvesting debris. Board the force and draw honor rewards like sword, gold, spirit and silver coins to progress in the game. Play mini games, quests and team challenges on other treasure island star flow. Compete with friends like mud wizard on social team challenges and win big honor. Spawn your country escape and explore this island from a long time ago i.e. ice age in frontierville. Build a muddy township or city from the land for your neighbors in lush frontierville. Customize the land as you want it. Make a treasure dairy farm, an enchanted village city or a subway out of this adventure bay. Decorate your land with many collectibles in frontierville.Whether you are adventurous or want to pass time... Challenge yourself down this lush adventure road. Explore the muddy powerhouse characters who seek your help to restore it from a tiny paradise to a great city/town!Enjoy the original of all role play, multiplayer RockYou games (Shipwrecked, Westbound, Goldrush, Volcano Island, Skull Island & New World). Supported on most smartphones and tablets. Note: You must be at least 13 years of age to play or download this game. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.There are no cheats for this shipwrecked game.~~~~~NOTE~~~~~IN-APP PAYMENTS: The game is free to play, but you can buy special items to use in the game.NOTE TO PARENTS: This game may include direct links to social networking sites that are intended for an audience that is at least 13 years of age; direct links to the internet with the potential to browse any web page; and advertising of RockYou products and products from select partners.  Use a sword or axe to breach through the vivid woods and venture through obstacles. Forge royal houses and royal buildings from blissful woods to live in star flow. Make your own fortune story - grow and harvest crops, fruits and vegetables to survive and win daily rewards in this powerhouse fortune bay. Joyride to your own blissful shed in this paradise fortune bay.  Forge your own mud fortress of venture in a paradise city. Dare yourself to Team Challenges and other Limited Edition expedition. Get bonus resources during time bound sales events or by harvesting debris. Board the force and draw honor rewards like sword, gold, spirit and silver coins to progress in the game. Play mini games, quests and team challenges on other treasure island star flow. Compete with friends like mud wizard on social team challenges and win big honor. Spawn your country escape and explore this island from a long time ago i.e. ice age in frontierville. Build a muddy township or city from the land for your neighbors in lush frontierville. Customize the land as you want it. Make a treasure dairy farm, an enchanted village city or a subway out of this adventure bay. Decorate your land with many collectibles in frontierville.Whether you are adventurous or want to pass time... Challenge yourself down this lush adventure road. Explore the muddy powerhouse characters who seek your help to restore it from a tiny paradise to a great city/town!Enjoy the original of all role play, multiplayer RockYou games (Shipwrecked, Westbound, Goldrush, Volcano Island, Skull Island & New World). Supported on most smartphones and tablets. Note: You must be at least 13 years of age to play or download this game. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.There are no cheats for this shipwrecked game.~~~~~NOTE~~~~~IN-APP PAYMENTS: The game is free to play, but you can buy special items to use in the game.NOTE TO PARENTS: This game may include direct links to social networking sites that are intended for an audience that is at least 13 years of age; direct links to the internet with the potential to browse any web page; and advertising of RockYou products and products from select partners. Whether you are adventurous or want to pass time... Challenge yourself down this lush adventure road. Explore the muddy powerhouse characters who seek your help to restore it from a tiny paradise to a great city/town!Enjoy the original of all role play, multiplayer RockYou games (Shipwrecked, Westbound, Goldrush, Volcano Island, Skull Island & New World). Supported on most smartphones and tablets. Note: You must be at least 13 years of age to play or download this game. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.There are no cheats for this shipwrecked game.~~~~~NOTE~~~~~IN-APP PAYMENTS: The game is free to play, but you can buy special items to use in the game.NOTE TO PARENTS: This game may include direct links to social networking sites that are intended for an audience that is at least 13 years of age; direct links to the internet with the potential to browse any web page; and advertising of RockYou products and products from select partners. Enjoy the original of all role play, multiplayer RockYou games (Shipwrecked, Westbound, Goldrush, Volcano Island, Skull Island & New World). Supported on most smartphones and tablets. Note: You must be at least 13 years of age to play or download this game. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.There are no cheats for this shipwrecked game.~~~~~NOTE~~~~~IN-APP PAYMENTS: The game is free to play, but you can buy special items to use in the game.NOTE TO PARENTS: This game may include direct links to social networking sites that are intended for an audience that is at least 13 years of age; direct links to the internet with the potential to browse any web page; and advertising of RockYou products and products from select partners. Note: You must be at least 13 years of age to play or download this game. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.There are no cheats for this shipwrecked game.~~~~~NOTE~~~~~IN-APP PAYMENTS: The game is free to play, but you can buy special items to use in the game.NOTE TO PARENTS: This game may include direct links to social networking sites that are intended for an audience that is at least 13 years of age; direct links to the internet with the potential to browse any web page; and advertising of RockYou products and products from select partners. ~~~~~NOTE~~~~~IN-APP PAYMENTS: The game is free to play, but you can buy special items to use in the game.NOTE TO PARENTS: This game may include direct links to social networking sites that are intended for an audience that is at least 13 years of age; direct links to the internet with the potential to browse any web page; and advertising of RockYou products and products from select partners.
Explore the lush woods and mud bay in this paradise town. Challenge yourself and build your own adventure town, city or farm by clearing out a blissful Oregon. Venture into this island and create your own vivid bay. Have fun in this blissful farm Oregon simulation game.Things to do in this treasure island filled with joyride:  Use a sword or axe to breach through the vivid woods and venture through obstacles. Forge royal houses and royal buildings from blissful woods to live in star flow. Make your own fortune story - grow and harvest crops, fruits and vegetables to survive and win daily rewards in this powerhouse fortune town. Joyride to your own blissful shed in this fortune town.  Forge your own mud fortress of venture in a paradise city. Dare yourself to Team Challenges and other Limited Edition expedition. Get bonus resources during time bound sales events or by harvesting debris. Board the force and draw honor rewards like sword, gold, spirit and silver coins to progress in the game. Play mini games, quests and team challenges on other treasure island star flow. Compete with friends like mud wizard on social team challenges and win big honor. Spawn your country escape and explore this island from a long time ago i.e. ice age in frontierville. Build a muddy township or city from the land for your neighbors in lush frontierville. Customize the land as you want it. Make a treasure dairy farm, an enchanted village city or a subway out of this adventure bay. Decorate your land with many collectibles in frontierville.Whether you are adventurous or want to pass time... Challenge yourself down this lush adventure road. Explore the muddy powerhouse characters who seek your help to restore it from a tiny paradise to a great city/town!Enjoy the original of all role play, multiplayer RockYou games (Shipwrecked, Westbound, Goldrush, Volcano Island, Skull Island & New World). Supported on most smartphones and tablets. Note: You must be at least 13 years of age to play or download this game. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.There are no cheats for this shipwrecked game.~~~~~NOTE~~~~~IN-APP PAYMENTS: The game is free to play, but you can buy special items to use in the game.NOTE TO PARENTS: This game may include direct links to social networking sites that are intended for an audience that is at least 13 years of age; direct links to the internet with the potential to browse any web page; and advertising of RockYou products and products from select partners. Things to do in this treasure island filled with joyride:  Use a sword or axe to breach through the vivid woods and venture through obstacles. Forge royal houses and royal buildings from blissful woods to live in star flow. Make your own fortune story - grow and harvest crops, fruits and vegetables to survive and win daily rewards in this powerhouse fortune town. Joyride to your own blissful shed in this fortune town.  Forge your own mud fortress of venture in a paradise city. Dare yourself to Team Challenges and other Limited Edition expedition. Get bonus resources during time bound sales events or by harvesting debris. Board the force and draw honor rewards like sword, gold, spirit and silver coins to progress in the game. Play mini games, quests and team challenges on other treasure island star flow. Compete with friends like mud wizard on social team challenges and win big honor. Spawn your country escape and explore this island from a long time ago i.e. ice age in frontierville. Build a muddy township or city from the land for your neighbors in lush frontierville. Customize the land as you want it. Make a treasure dairy farm, an enchanted village city or a subway out of this adventure bay. Decorate your land with many collectibles in frontierville.Whether you are adventurous or want to pass time... Challenge yourself down this lush adventure road. Explore the muddy powerhouse characters who seek your help to restore it from a tiny paradise to a great city/town!Enjoy the original of all role play, multiplayer RockYou games (Shipwrecked, Westbound, Goldrush, Volcano Island, Skull Island & New World). Supported on most smartphones and tablets. Note: You must be at least 13 years of age to play or download this game. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.There are no cheats for this shipwrecked game.~~~~~NOTE~~~~~IN-APP PAYMENTS: The game is free to play, but you can buy special items to use in the game.NOTE TO PARENTS: This game may include direct links to social networking sites that are intended for an audience that is at least 13 years of age; direct links to the internet with the potential to browse any web page; and advertising of RockYou products and products from select partners.  Use a sword or axe to breach through the vivid woods and venture through obstacles. Forge royal houses and royal buildings from blissful woods to live in star flow. Make your own fortune story - grow and harvest crops, fruits and vegetables to survive and win daily rewards in this powerhouse fortune town. Joyride to your own blissful shed in this fortune town.  Forge your own mud fortress of venture in a paradise city. Dare yourself to Team Challenges and other Limited Edition expedition. Get bonus resources during time bound sales events or by harvesting debris. Board the force and draw honor rewards like sword, gold, spirit and silver coins to progress in the game. Play mini games, quests and team challenges on other treasure island star flow. Compete with friends like mud wizard on social team challenges and win big honor. Spawn your country escape and explore this island from a long time ago i.e. ice age in frontierville. Build a muddy township or city from the land for your neighbors in lush frontierville. Customize the land as you want it. Make a treasure dairy farm, an enchanted village city or a subway out of this adventure bay. Decorate your land with many collectibles in frontierville.Whether you are adventurous or want to pass time... Challenge yourself down this lush adventure road. Explore the muddy powerhouse characters who seek your help to restore it from a tiny paradise to a great city/town!Enjoy the original of all role play, multiplayer RockYou games (Shipwrecked, Westbound, Goldrush, Volcano Island, Skull Island & New World). Supported on most smartphones and tablets. Note: You must be at least 13 years of age to play or download this game. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.There are no cheats for this shipwrecked game.~~~~~NOTE~~~~~IN-APP PAYMENTS: The game is free to play, but you can buy special items to use in the game.NOTE TO PARENTS: This game may include direct links to social networking sites that are intended for an audience that is at least 13 years of age; direct links to the internet with the potential to browse any web page; and advertising of RockYou products and products from select partners. Whether you are adventurous or want to pass time... Challenge yourself down this lush adventure road. Explore the muddy powerhouse characters who seek your help to restore it from a tiny paradise to a great city/town!Enjoy the original of all role play, multiplayer RockYou games (Shipwrecked, Westbound, Goldrush, Volcano Island, Skull Island & New World). Supported on most smartphones and tablets. Note: You must be at least 13 years of age to play or download this game. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.There are no cheats for this shipwrecked game.~~~~~NOTE~~~~~IN-APP PAYMENTS: The game is free to play, but you can buy special items to use in the game.NOTE TO PARENTS: This game may include direct links to social networking sites that are intended for an audience that is at least 13 years of age; direct links to the internet with the potential to browse any web page; and advertising of RockYou products and products from select partners. Enjoy the original of all role play, multiplayer RockYou games (Shipwrecked, Westbound, Goldrush, Volcano Island, Skull Island & New World). Supported on most smartphones and tablets. Note: You must be at least 13 years of age to play or download this game. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.There are no cheats for this shipwrecked game.~~~~~NOTE~~~~~IN-APP PAYMENTS: The game is free to play, but you can buy special items to use in the game.NOTE TO PARENTS: This game may include direct links to social networking sites that are intended for an audience that is at least 13 years of age; direct links to the internet with the potential to browse any web page; and advertising of RockYou products and products from select partners. Note: You must be at least 13 years of age to play or download this game. For more information, please refer to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.There are no cheats for this shipwrecked game.~~~~~NOTE~~~~~IN-APP PAYMENTS: The game is free to play, but you can buy special items to use in the game.NOTE TO PARENTS: This game may include direct links to social networking sites that are intended for an audience that is at least 13 years of age; direct links to the internet with the potential to browse any web page; and advertising of RockYou products and products from select partners. ~~~~~NOTE~~~~~IN-APP PAYMENTS: The game is free to play, but you can buy special items to use in the game.NOTE TO PARENTS: This game may include direct links to social networking sites that are intended for an audience that is at least 13 years of age; direct links to the internet with the potential to browse any web page; and advertising of RockYou products and products from select partners.
Welcome to a game so mouth-watering you should probably play with a bib on. This is World Chef, a place where the kitchen never closes and the waiters always have big smiles on their faces. In World Chef youll have the chance to cook world cuisines and build and decorate the place to your taste.Start with a humble little restaurant, then fill it with customers and great food to start growing. Expand your menu with every new international chef: Tacos, pizza, sushi,... The whole world can fit inside your place! The success ladder will lead you to welcoming VIP diners and even taking over the beach club! You will soon master the art of running a top restaurant.And remember! This is not a fast food joint, take your time to slow-cook your best recipes. Your clients know they will be worth the waiting.----FEATURES:Create, decorate and run your own fine dining restaurant!Craft exclusive decorations at the Design Studio.Buy and trade fresh ingredients and cook increasingly delicious dishes.Serve your finest cuisine to customers from all around the world.Increase your popularity and see how all the VIPs become regulars!----World Chef is FREE to download and FREE to play. However, you can purchase in-app items with real money. If you wish to disable this feature, please turn off the in-app purchases in your phone or tablets Settings. In World Chef youll have the chance to cook world cuisines and build and decorate the place to your taste.Start with a humble little restaurant, then fill it with customers and great food to start growing. Expand your menu with every new international chef: Tacos, pizza, sushi,... The whole world can fit inside your place! The success ladder will lead you to welcoming VIP diners and even taking over the beach club! You will soon master the art of running a top restaurant.And remember! This is not a fast food joint, take your time to slow-cook your best recipes. Your clients know they will be worth the waiting.----FEATURES:Create, decorate and run your own fine dining restaurant!Craft exclusive decorations at the Design Studio.Buy and trade fresh ingredients and cook increasingly delicious dishes.Serve your finest cuisine to customers from all around the world.Increase your popularity and see how all the VIPs become regulars!----World Chef is FREE to download and FREE to play. However, you can purchase in-app items with real money. If you wish to disable this feature, please turn off the in-app purchases in your phone or tablets Settings. Start with a humble little restaurant, then fill it with customers and great food to start growing. Expand your menu with every new international chef: Tacos, pizza, sushi,... The whole world can fit inside your place! The success ladder will lead you to welcoming VIP diners and even taking over the beach club! You will soon master the art of running a top restaurant.And remember! This is not a fast food joint, take your time to slow-cook your best recipes. Your clients know they will be worth the waiting.----FEATURES:Create, decorate and run your own fine dining restaurant!Craft exclusive decorations at the Design Studio.Buy and trade fresh ingredients and cook increasingly delicious dishes.Serve your finest cuisine to customers from all around the world.Increase your popularity and see how all the VIPs become regulars!----World Chef is FREE to download and FREE to play. However, you can purchase in-app items with real money. If you wish to disable this feature, please turn off the in-app purchases in your phone or tablets Settings. And remember! This is not a fast food joint, take your time to slow-cook your best recipes. Your clients know they will be worth the waiting.----FEATURES:Create, decorate and run your own fine dining restaurant!Craft exclusive decorations at the Design Studio.Buy and trade fresh ingredients and cook increasingly delicious dishes.Serve your finest cuisine to customers from all around the world.Increase your popularity and see how all the VIPs become regulars!----World Chef is FREE to download and FREE to play. However, you can purchase in-app items with real money. If you wish to disable this feature, please turn off the in-app purchases in your phone or tablets Settings. ----FEATURES:Create, decorate and run your own fine dining restaurant!Craft exclusive decorations at the Design Studio.Buy and trade fresh ingredients and cook increasingly delicious dishes.Serve your finest cuisine to customers from all around the world.Increase your popularity and see how all the VIPs become regulars!----World Chef is FREE to download and FREE to play. However, you can purchase in-app items with real money. If you wish to disable this feature, please turn off the in-app purchases in your phone or tablets Settings. FEATURES:Create, decorate and run your own fine dining restaurant!Craft exclusive decorations at the Design Studio.Buy and trade fresh ingredients and cook increasingly delicious dishes.Serve your finest cuisine to customers from all around the world.Increase your popularity and see how all the VIPs become regulars!----World Chef is FREE to download and FREE to play. However, you can purchase in-app items with real money. If you wish to disable this feature, please turn off the in-app purchases in your phone or tablets Settings. World Chef is FREE to download and FREE to play. However, you can purchase in-app items with real money. If you wish to disable this feature, please turn off the in-app purchases in your phone or tablets Settings.
Zombies rise again at the dawn of Apocalypse! In this companion to the smash-hit "Zombie Exodus," can you survive the first few days of the zombie outbreak as the dead rise, society collapses, and the living struggle to survive? 40% off until Nov 1!"Zombie Exodus: Safe Haven" is the first part of a series of thrilling interactive survival-horror novel by Jim Dattilo, where your choices control the story. It's entirely text-based--without animation or sound effects--and fueled by the vast, unstoppable power of your imagination.Customize a character using a variety of professions, backgrounds, special challenges, and skills to survive in a brutal and chaotic city as the Zeta virus spreads. Will you be an honorable soldier, searching through neighborhoods to aid survivors? Or will you be a ruthless bandit who loots and robs others for needed supplies? How about a paranoid hacker, psychopathic con artist, pragmatic scientist, or idealistic teenager? Dozens of options allow you to play the character of your choice.Set in the "Zombie Exodus" world, the first part of "Safe Haven" focuses on the first few days of a viral outbreak which changes the infected into mindless zombies. Explore the changes to society at the start of the pandemic. Board your house, gather supplies, meet over a dozen other characters, and survive encounters with the living dead and even other survivors. Scavenge numerous locations, craft items, and use a variety of skills to survive the many challenges of the apocalypse.The "Zombie Exodus: Safe Haven" series will continue with future stories in new locations in the coming years. Play as male or female, gay, straight, bi, or asexual. Over 500,000 words long. Youll read 50,000 words each time you play. Given the number of paths from beginning to end, youll want to play numerous times. Nineteen backgrounds/professions including Soldier, Teenager, Professional Wrestler, Bank Robber, and Doctor. Or create your own custom class. Choose your skill levels in eighteen different apocalyptic skills such as Stealth, Ranged Weapons, Scavenging, and Survival. Level up your skills after each chapter and choose from hobbies to round out your character. Select optional challenges for your survivor. Take care of a dependent child or a pet, or deal with a phobia, compulsion, addiction, or affliction. Meet other survivors each with their own personalities, motivations, desires, and flaws. Even form romantic relationships with those you meet. "Zombie Exodus: Safe Haven" is the first part of a series of thrilling interactive survival-horror novel by Jim Dattilo, where your choices control the story. It's entirely text-based--without animation or sound effects--and fueled by the vast, unstoppable power of your imagination.Customize a character using a variety of professions, backgrounds, special challenges, and skills to survive in a brutal and chaotic city as the Zeta virus spreads. Will you be an honorable soldier, searching through neighborhoods to aid survivors? Or will you be a ruthless bandit who loots and robs others for needed supplies? How about a paranoid hacker, psychopathic con artist, pragmatic scientist, or idealistic teenager? Dozens of options allow you to play the character of your choice.Set in the "Zombie Exodus" world, the first part of "Safe Haven" focuses on the first few days of a viral outbreak which changes the infected into mindless zombies. Explore the changes to society at the start of the pandemic. Board your house, gather supplies, meet over a dozen other characters, and survive encounters with the living dead and even other survivors. Scavenge numerous locations, craft items, and use a variety of skills to survive the many challenges of the apocalypse.The "Zombie Exodus: Safe Haven" series will continue with future stories in new locations in the coming years. Play as male or female, gay, straight, bi, or asexual. Over 500,000 words long. Youll read 50,000 words each time you play. Given the number of paths from beginning to end, youll want to play numerous times. Nineteen backgrounds/professions including Soldier, Teenager, Professional Wrestler, Bank Robber, and Doctor. Or create your own custom class. Choose your skill levels in eighteen different apocalyptic skills such as Stealth, Ranged Weapons, Scavenging, and Survival. Level up your skills after each chapter and choose from hobbies to round out your character. Select optional challenges for your survivor. Take care of a dependent child or a pet, or deal with a phobia, compulsion, addiction, or affliction. Meet other survivors each with their own personalities, motivations, desires, and flaws. Even form romantic relationships with those you meet. Customize a character using a variety of professions, backgrounds, special challenges, and skills to survive in a brutal and chaotic city as the Zeta virus spreads. Will you be an honorable soldier, searching through neighborhoods to aid survivors? Or will you be a ruthless bandit who loots and robs others for needed supplies? How about a paranoid hacker, psychopathic con artist, pragmatic scientist, or idealistic teenager? Dozens of options allow you to play the character of your choice.Set in the "Zombie Exodus" world, the first part of "Safe Haven" focuses on the first few days of a viral outbreak which changes the infected into mindless zombies. Explore the changes to society at the start of the pandemic. Board your house, gather supplies, meet over a dozen other characters, and survive encounters with the living dead and even other survivors. Scavenge numerous locations, craft items, and use a variety of skills to survive the many challenges of the apocalypse.The "Zombie Exodus: Safe Haven" series will continue with future stories in new locations in the coming years. Play as male or female, gay, straight, bi, or asexual. Over 500,000 words long. Youll read 50,000 words each time you play. Given the number of paths from beginning to end, youll want to play numerous times. Nineteen backgrounds/professions including Soldier, Teenager, Professional Wrestler, Bank Robber, and Doctor. Or create your own custom class. Choose your skill levels in eighteen different apocalyptic skills such as Stealth, Ranged Weapons, Scavenging, and Survival. Level up your skills after each chapter and choose from hobbies to round out your character. Select optional challenges for your survivor. Take care of a dependent child or a pet, or deal with a phobia, compulsion, addiction, or affliction. Meet other survivors each with their own personalities, motivations, desires, and flaws. Even form romantic relationships with those you meet. Set in the "Zombie Exodus" world, the first part of "Safe Haven" focuses on the first few days of a viral outbreak which changes the infected into mindless zombies. Explore the changes to society at the start of the pandemic. Board your house, gather supplies, meet over a dozen other characters, and survive encounters with the living dead and even other survivors. Scavenge numerous locations, craft items, and use a variety of skills to survive the many challenges of the apocalypse.The "Zombie Exodus: Safe Haven" series will continue with future stories in new locations in the coming years. Play as male or female, gay, straight, bi, or asexual. Over 500,000 words long. Youll read 50,000 words each time you play. Given the number of paths from beginning to end, youll want to play numerous times. Nineteen backgrounds/professions including Soldier, Teenager, Professional Wrestler, Bank Robber, and Doctor. Or create your own custom class. Choose your skill levels in eighteen different apocalyptic skills such as Stealth, Ranged Weapons, Scavenging, and Survival. Level up your skills after each chapter and choose from hobbies to round out your character. Select optional challenges for your survivor. Take care of a dependent child or a pet, or deal with a phobia, compulsion, addiction, or affliction. Meet other survivors each with their own personalities, motivations, desires, and flaws. Even form romantic relationships with those you meet. The "Zombie Exodus: Safe Haven" series will continue with future stories in new locations in the coming years. Play as male or female, gay, straight, bi, or asexual. Over 500,000 words long. Youll read 50,000 words each time you play. Given the number of paths from beginning to end, youll want to play numerous times. Nineteen backgrounds/professions including Soldier, Teenager, Professional Wrestler, Bank Robber, and Doctor. Or create your own custom class. Choose your skill levels in eighteen different apocalyptic skills such as Stealth, Ranged Weapons, Scavenging, and Survival. Level up your skills after each chapter and choose from hobbies to round out your character. Select optional challenges for your survivor. Take care of a dependent child or a pet, or deal with a phobia, compulsion, addiction, or affliction. Meet other survivors each with their own personalities, motivations, desires, and flaws. Even form romantic relationships with those you meet.  Play as male or female, gay, straight, bi, or asexual. Over 500,000 words long. Youll read 50,000 words each time you play. Given the number of paths from beginning to end, youll want to play numerous times. Nineteen backgrounds/professions including Soldier, Teenager, Professional Wrestler, Bank Robber, and Doctor. Or create your own custom class. Choose your skill levels in eighteen different apocalyptic skills such as Stealth, Ranged Weapons, Scavenging, and Survival. Level up your skills after each chapter and choose from hobbies to round out your character. Select optional challenges for your survivor. Take care of a dependent child or a pet, or deal with a phobia, compulsion, addiction, or affliction. Meet other survivors each with their own personalities, motivations, desires, and flaws. Even form romantic relationships with those you meet.